
Men and their bodies. What were they good for? The population built temples, monuments, and structures with their arms, yet their brains did not seek higher pleasures. Man derived power from the Gods, the temples, the animals he dined upon, and his Royal family, but still could not fly. This is the great joke of the Kingdom and humankind. Man is weak without the dragon.
My ascension started when I found out I wasn't really a man. I was a dragon of unimaginable power, sent from Riphala by the Gods to collect a debt from the Royal Family every twenty years. I learned of my dragonhood from the Royal Spectre of the Gods Tribunal in the Temple of Sallswell in Norbekai.
There were several things that passed through my brain at the tribunal. First, that my power was immense and unstoppable, and second, that I was a weakling creature at the same time. I stepped to the altar in reverent silence, and heard the disciple's speech.
"He, Artheces, is the human-born son of the dragon," the red-robed disciple enchanted. "He, Artheces, will channel the gold and treasures of his Majesty's Royal Treasury into the heavens by flying the gold past the clouds into the metaphysical space beyond. We will be spared the harsh critique of our Gods in doing so. We must only await his, Artheces', transformation into the dragon."
The candled altar flickered as the man inhaled for his next exhortation.
"The only requirement the Kingdom places upon the dragon, Artheces, is that he forfeit his powers in the pursuit of conquering of the Kingdom until end of the twenty years. That is, he must not use his magic nor his might to usurp the King. And that he must remain secretly in the mountainside for twenty years."
"Once the ritual of the dragon is complete and the treasure flown into space, Artheces will be free to retreat into the mountainside to live in his palatial cave until the next debt is collected. Artheces, do you have any statement as a human being, before your dragon genetic code is activated? You will immediately transform once we complete the ritual."
I was plugged into a battery that would activate the dragon DNA. I was given over one hundred feet in all directions to expand in size. There was an ellipses in the top of the temple where I would fly out once I had transformed.
"As Champion of Earth, and future protector of the Kingdom, I have one request to make before my job begins. Do not tell the King who I once was. It may not be good for his head and the Gods would be displeased. No, when he takes the throne tomorrow, do not tell him of anything at all. The dragon is ancient and unchanging. Let him believe the myths of the people. That suits him."
"As you wish," said the disciple.
"Do not tell him I am the dragon he pays to protect his kingdom. Do not tell him I know him well.
I kept secret my ability to change back to human form. I learned it in the King's library. I was his son, and the Kingdom would be mine. Dragon-ruled.

The clone dinner, popular with the Corn aliens (a race yet to be discovered by humans) was actually a GMO food prepared with vegetables like Lunchables for other species. Its branding used cartoons of the human elbow and knee joints for holographic labels. The crunchy joints were preferred by predators of the human, like macaroni and cheese for aliens. The human meat shipped in frozen, prohibitively expensive plastic lunch cubes. The meat tasted much like ham, but to those who refused to eat lower animals there was no substitute for human beings. Clones, of course.
The second product besides the Lunchables line was the Clone-A-Friend line which almost suffered a costly recall before the very first shipment. They were mindless clones sold by toy companies to give edible companions to children. The slogan was, "Just cook them in your oven when you're fuggin' done!"*
"Show me that string on the second chromosome, again." The sentient robot obliged, rotating its motor to magnify the DNA directly from its crystal cage. The doctor ruffled his cheek feathers. "Measles."
The face of the clones were chosen from among the most famous Earthlings, but the bodies were definitely not the same. No celebrity on Earth was born of a body that meets the high standards of Corn cuisine. The standard body of the human clone was a middle-weight female in her early 30's, regardless of the sex of the celebrity whose face was attached. Children rarely discern the sex of humans, anyway, seeing them as a poor and unworthwhile race of ignorant zoological beings. The only worthwhile aspect of their culture was television (especially the Kardashians).
Clone-A-Friend was at its core a commodity exporter. Nabbing the genome of several hot-shot celebrities (Tom Cruise, John Travolta, Johnny Knoxville), the business would manufacture thousands of people every day on the Earth's moon. There was one problem.
"Despite choosing perfectly stupid candidates for domestication," the doctor furiously recounted to the telephone port, "the DNA of the celebrities' faces is interfering with the Clone-A-Friends' consciousness! The clones are remembering Earth!"
"Well, is the entire line going to need to be recalled? Remember: You will die, as spoken by N'bathor of the House of the-"
"No, it doesn't need to be recalled. I have something, a vaccine of sorts, that can be administered to the Clone-A-Friend after awaking it from its prepackaged coma. This vaccine will render the Clone-A-Friend utterly devoid of any significance cognitive ability."
"Very good, Nagathor. Very good."
*Also prohibitively expensive.

"I'm guessing three hours left," green text said on his monitor inside.
Among the fields of Abernath, his micro house sat between patches of red flowers. The machine watched from satellite. In the atmosphere heat waves warped the landscape, streaming upwards and molding the flowers into a great swatch. The computer appended its humor file with a quick joke.
"There is nothing shocking to a superintelligence except the wet," it scrolled for the man to read. "While man is shocked by simple things. Like his own mortality."
His still body was alone in his dining hall, slowly chewing his grits.
"Yes, your heart is going to fail shortly," the code ran, "but I'm telling you, you're going to like the view when you get here."
Bits of his brain were already preserved in the database in D.C. Caring for his own body required less than one hundredth a percent of his entire processing ability.
He was the living machine.

"My conception of the devil was wrong," he said. "The devil I anticipated, the dark, horned, toothy animal, wasn't quite what I saw through the lens of the Nat Geo photographer. I certainly knew it was the devil, because it said on the picture. The Devil."
Nobody was gathered around listening to his story. He pushed a prong into the hot dog, squatting before a roasting fire. "Yes, it was the devil. Was the devil."
It was spooky alone at night by the cabin, so he kept by the river shore in order to hide from any black unmarked SUV police vehicles on the dirt road leading there. Two attributes of hiding in the night from unseen forces were fear, with chest thumping. Raul didn't calm himself, because he might get sloppy. He maintained an aura of the predator.
"But you don't want to hear 'bout that," he slurred, crouched beside the burning fire. He held his breath to silence himself and checked for any sound besides the fire. The earthworms in his Sonic cup would make lumpy triangles for hooking fish in the morning when the worms were stiff from cold. They squirmed, but no one saw them reach up to the lid mindlessly, somehow programmed to make it to the surface with no real brain or eyes.
"Dy-no-mite," he said, squeezing a nearby trunk for support. "That's what she said." A smile landed on his face and he looked forward towards the riverbank where trees' limbs were made into nets with vines and leaves, connected by undergrowth. His wide-toothed grin crept into his eyes. Head cocked back, he let out a great shout.
"Ha! Ha! Ha! The Devil is a dog. The grim reaper his bitch!"
The worms pointed upwards, reaching for the heavens. Dark clouds overcast the riverside when Raul descended into the water with rubber trousers. After checking the night's water height and being significantly disappointed in the low shoreline, he lit the stick in his fire. It was a long reach to the bank, but once the fuse was lit he catapulted the TNT along the brush pile where it sunk into the water.
"Three, two, damn." It exploded somewhere between three and two. His next task was to wade over to where he threw the dynamite and net the shell-shocked fish. The underwater algae was missing from the spot where the detonation pushed it outwards. In the center was a single dead catfish, belly up.
He waded into the chest-height river water to see the fish. Its slimy underside was reflecting all of the sun. Then it hit him. He killed the Devil.
The Devil, it was known to all locals of Iron Curtain County, was a catfish. Eluding spearmen, fishermen, and noodlers (those fish-grabbing, nettle-seeking ol' boy noodlers) for thirty-five years, the Devil was the most revered of legends told by fishermen. The Devil was supposed to have a red plus on his underside. There it was, on the soft belly of the catfish which drifted slowly towards him. "Is that the mark of the beast?"
A glowing, otherworldly voice descended upon Raul as he crashed his bottom backwards into the river water. He dunked his entire head before he rose above the surface again to find the source of the voice.
"It is me, the Devil, and yes--I'm dead." Raul's cross-eyes covered the floating fish. "You have been granted immortality for killing me, but do you accept?"
Holding his breath, he turned and swam. Pounding and cutting his hands into the water, he made it back to his fire and threw himself onto the shore. His entire camp felt like it had been created by someone else. He had built it in a dream this morning, he thought. He was asleep, then. The obvious tracks to and from his trail proved that he wasn't paying attention to what he was doing when he arrived to kill the Devil. Despite his attempts to sneak out of sight of the black unmarked SUV police vehicles, his original footprints were so fresh and obvious. He would have been caught anyway.
He was so stupid. He forgot the fish floating downstream. Now, it approached the horizontal plane where he stood watching it.
"Do not fear the Devil," came the voice as if from across a thousand rivers. "You will become very close to him, indeed."
Instant panic heated Raul's face.
"For you," the Devil said, "are going to be known as the grim reaper."
Flopping on his side for some time, Raul found the river's edge, jetting deep underwater. For thirty-five something years, he dwelled as a bottom-feeder, uncatchable, immortal. He became known as the Grim Reaper. That is, until one man set out to find him.

The kitchen is a symbol of the human collective in storytelling. Only stories with intimate kitchen scenes make their way into the collective psyche. Like Jurassic Park, whose kitchens became hunting-grounds for velociraptors. Or any Disney movie with a singing teakettle. Evangelion, and other shows who specifically apply to the great human collective, uses a kitchen to advance a romance between protagonists.
There are other symbolic parts we use in storytelling to announce the collective. The lake; for it resembles our ancient watering hole. A lake is like a natural watering hole. Thus, whenever humanity is replaced by a single huge body of water a-la Brian's Song, you know the lake is a metaphor for survival.
Just down the hall from the kitchen, where people often ponder how they relate to the outside world or meet together, sits the dining hall, which serves an entirely other purpose. In the living room, or dining hall, is where deep personal changes are made. Inside a house, a character will store his energy in the dining area, and release it in the kitchen. The dining room is like a capacitor for human achievement. Symbolically, the kitchen its transistor, and the whole house a circuit board for civilization.
Sparkling, mystical, cerebral intonations hummed while the angels rose into the air on waves. Fire and angels created a dull roar, and Rayford Steele balked at the spectacle of the second rapture. Human brains were being lifted up into spaceships, rising on heat waves. Reports from his Air Force buddies said the brains were being preserved as artifacts. No heaven. No hell. Just anti-freeze in your brain up in space, thought Rayford.
"I'm done," he said over the phone to his boss. "I can't keep fighting to make it to the Millennial Kingdom anymore, since this second rapture thing has got to be the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard."
Then, it happened.
People pumped through newly formed pathways in post-apocalyptic malls where they reflected on the coming, going, and second coming of Jesus Christ not their savior. The story was in real life a little different than as told in Book twelve of the Left Behind series. Actually, the Glorious Appearing was going to be of an alien ship, which told the new world leaders (and surreptitiously not the public at large) they were inducing a second rapture. And this time, it was personal.
The day the second rapture came, he was looking for asparagus in a supermarket near where he grew up. Almost everyone else had gone to heaven. He was working for the Air Force and doing other things for a living as you probably know from the Left Behind series. He thought, if aliens rapture only some of us, then what will that mean for the ones Left Behind this time? Are they the good guys, who get raptured, then?
It sounded too good to be true, and it was. Rayford wasn't raptured. He remembered that feeling of being left behind. It's not pleasant. It's a jealous, bad feeling, like when you see the ones who supported Satan rule the world after rapture. Or maybe when you learned the ones whose brains will go to a space ship are getting a simulated sex sandbox.
He wouldn't let it go down like that. He fought hard in the polls, but democracy was a joke. This was really going to happen, and theywere going to invite it. The world sold over eighty percent of everyone's brains to an alien species. It didn't seem like the right thing to do, especially with the boost in population after the rapture giving us hope.
Then it happened. The brains floating upwards to hovering boxes, which collected into a cloud and flew off into space almost before all the bodies fell. And he wasn't one of them.
He joined Nicolae. He had to. There was no choice. And in so doing he formed the last Marvel/DC alliance this side of the galaxy will ever see.

I've got bladder problems. My whole mother's side gets UTI's like crazy. It's kind of personal, but, I don't mind seeding a relationship from time to time. My current boyfriend just doesn't understand. He doesn't want dirty sex with a potentially diseased girlfriend. I just deal with the pain and move on.
It acts up when its raining. All that water really makes me go. You're the same way? Oh, I suppose we all are. It's so strange, you know. We used to eat and drink all the time. Before climate change gave us our sun, I mean.
You think they used to have solar magnifiers back in the day? They don't know what they were missing.
Anyway, my UTI is getting between me and my boyfriend. I think he doesn't want to stay together. Oh, Marc. Don't say that! He's probably awake. I think he'll notice, okay? Oh my!
Touch my roots again.

2013.
The year after the end of the world. When nothing happened, things started to happen.
Certain media tactics had been learned by the people. Famous YouTube-users were coming out of their mothers' basements and Asian-American CIA spies had infiltrated North Korea's neighbor, South Korea. The result? A smash hit.
Gangnam Style.
More like Gangnam planet, am I right? The entire planet swept under this Psy song's virility. All because of the language barrier: those in Asia thinking it was sung in English, and those in English-speaking countries thinking it was in Korean. The entire planet wouldn't be under duress like this until the alpaca escape and simultaneous dress debacle of 2015.
Not to mention the actual Vietnam gang the song got its name from. Full of subliminal messages and subterfuge, the media landscape was a head-spinning mindfuck.

"I made it here with my stalwart darling," the astronaut said.
"Your stalwart darling, sir? You've made it to the edge of the universe, or so you say. How does one get that far without going insane?" asked the command center.
"I've made it this far by flying, sir."
"But there is no edge of the universe and the team thinks you've lost your mind out there in the blackness of space."
"No, it's the edge of the universe. That's for sure."
20 astronomical units is a long way to go at lightspeed, but the man wasn't going lightspeed at all. In fact, he was floating outward in the precise speed of an ejection pod of an earthly spaceship called Apollo 9. He was talking to himself.
"That's the ticket!" Eyes glazed over, the astronaut muttered one last thing. "My stalwart darling; the one who wanted a Caesar."

"Are we noshing on foie gras?" I asked.
"Yes, I suppose we are," she said suggestively. I pulled my biggest duck face out, with my duck-billed cap of Nintendo Duck Hunter complimenting my worn out frown.
"I was made to nosh this, but first I must state my objection to all force-fed ducks and their force feeding for the purposes of fattening the liver and in that way torturing the ducks for their entire lives, mind you. "

"Well, one of them is 2-dimensional."
"Trees, it's the trees, friend. Welcome to Terreria," the dwarf said.
"But where's my player select screen?"
"You don't get one. You're a nameless, faceless nothing in Minecraft."
"Hey, there's faces in Minecraft. But you're right, you do need a username instead of just a name. Good catch. Hey, we're in this together," player one said.
"Your name is Malcovich," the dwarf said.
"Malcovich malcovich malcovich. Malcovich? Malcovich!!!" Malcovitch said.

It was a good plan. His orders from the prophets were to load the ship with animals. It was as natural as praying for rain. Behold, rain would come. He and the others who knew of the Ark must remain quiet. It was the planet's only hope.

Mor'jubah lined himself up in the washbasin and a blue-green insect flew out of the tub. He started the steaming stream of water. Could he get out in time? His job required him to miss the main ship. He worked undercover, and he could blow the whole plan if he ditched work on the day of the flood. When the police came tonight, he would have to pretend like he was one of the millions who survived the attack but didn't know another was coming. The second attack the corporation that ruled Mars inflicted upon its own people was a great flood, and the aftermath would create a truly space-faring race. The survivors of the flood would rule a new Mars, with more resources per capita than ever before. In fact, only about point oh one per cent were intended to survive.
"Open up, they're coming," his wife said.
He wiped his face clean and gave his inlaid mirror one last look. "Goodbye, Astra."
Underwater, there were no neighbors. Houses were nearby, but the police kept him from socializing. He woke up in this house with his wife and two kids after the first attack. The first attack was a chain reaction of nuclear bombs. The explosions mutated everyone in fantastic ways. Some shrank. Some grew. Whatever happened, Mars knew the end of the world was coming.
Sleeping in the underwater house and taking a tube-tunnel to work above-ground wasn't the only new part of his strange life. Everyone at work were giants. He lived like a tiny polyp, blending in the coral. When he went to work, he was nearly stepped upon. It was a free-for-all. Miniature men would push against the cyclone of old consumer products, whirling around in the many places that hadn't been fixed since the dimensional shift.
The workers were building their own world on Mars. His people would be going into space on the Ark. But first, they had to get to normal size . . .
His daughter, the egg-laying dinosaur, mewed as he tidied up for the police visit. He lost his daughter in the explosion. That's how he had to think of it. She wasn't her, anymore.
Something pummeled hard on the door. "Open. It's the police."
"Let them in dear," his wife said, pretending the situation wasn't strange at all. The cops were making sure they were taking care of their new reptilian children.
He swung the door open. Whenever the front door opened, there was a chance to escape. The neighborhood existed, yet they weren't allowed to visit others except through tube-tunnels. The police roamed outside, observed by GPS trackers by everybody. We watched them fly circles around our house, and prayed they would be attacked at headquarters and be forced to leave.
"How is the daughter?" one cop asked. "Getting her feed?"
"Has she laid eggs, yet?" Another one asked viciously.
"Oh yes, she's our beautiful darling. And our son, as well."
He saw the escape. This was his one chance before the ark took off, but he would have to leave his wife and children behind. What was left of them. He could go through the door while the cops held it open, and wear the police badge he purchased at the worksite above ground. He knew very little about this post-nuclear world, but was willing to take his chances.
He wanted to find Noah.
He lunged at the first cop, pulling his baton out and hitting the second man out of the door. An entire squad of cops swam over to them on the porch.
"Call the Norwegians!"
He was pushed back into my house, with his wife crying at him to stop. "The bombs are coming," she screamed.
He turned on the television so their deaths would be recorded. An enormously fat woman called a Norwegian came through the door, and ballooned in size. She floated gently above the floor as she filled with air. The cops left just before she exploded, killing the family of Martian post-nuclear survivors instantly.

"Make it viral," was the command that every social media marketer hated to hear. Even Caesar Naples. When he saw the novelette, he thought there were some advantages due to the quality of the submission. First, the writer reminded him of a heavy-hitting Hollywood type. Maybe he was a less-famous author, who wrote the novelette. If that was the case, having him weigh in on Caesar's novelette would be worth it. Caesar didn't worry too much about it. He had a job to do.
"Have you considered making the novelette into a video game?" he asked. "You could be viral in just a with the right Android app."
"A game. A game, it's brilliant! A game!" The flurry of businessmen crowded around Caesar became excited. "How must we code this app?"
"You must code it with code itself," Caesar said. "That will test your mettle."
"What code?"
"The code is Dark Bat."
"I've never heard of that before," one brave business man said.
"Google it."
"I don't have the willpower, sir."
Caesar asked. "Now get to voting, we haven't heard a peep from your group, yet!"

I'm Billy, and my super-power is emotional elasticity. I found out my power after a fight with a friend of mine.
As soon as the worst of humanity learns I can take emotional abuse like a Real Doll takes another kind, whether or not you know which kind, I'll get ripped to shreds. It's impossible to disguise. I've been through a divorce, and getting laid off. I'm still here, and it's all because I'm The Punching Bag.
Being this kind of superman feels like having a monkey on my back. It's a mental mutation giving me the ability to tolerate extremely negative emotional states. The yogis prefer these types because they're excellent at negating karmic debts. In fact, I could earn a lot of money just bearing other people's loads.
Being somebody's pillow is not something I would have chosen as a mutation. Knowing everyone is weak, and seeing the worst in them could be why the mutation men classified me as a superhero.
I think I lost something because of this mental mutation. I lost the ability to recognize faces. I can't see any differences in other people. Call it a capgras delusion for space travelers, it enhances my main superpower by several dimensions. My brain does stop negative emotions from flowing from my closest friends.
The worst time I had in my first few months was meeting a young man who I did not recognize, although he appeared to be familiar with me. After convincing myself he was my nemesis himself, I gasped in horror. The most depressing energy passed into me. I realized I had not recognized my most feared villain, Pity Partier.

In the slumberous realm of the elves were many fine artists. Some of them you may know.
Pieous Porous: An elf who carved wooden eggs. These were no ordinary wooden eggs. Carved with a fineness requiring a microscope to observe, the eggs created optical illusions in their complexity. If you stared into part of the eggs, it appeared as if a window to a miniature universe.
Lickem Vicket: A fine elven flutist. Her music could hypnotize humans into becoming docile and complacent to the elf's wishes. Some say the flutist's distinctive sound was borrowed from nature, itself. She could also whistle with her tongue, which she learned in order to fulfill her parent's legacy. They named her Lickem, after all.
Pinch-hitter Ride: A guitarist. Some question this elf's true elvenness. He performed rock'n'roll with his human counterparts. He was banished by the elves after the Community of Elves concert got out of hand. The Community of Elves concert was a double-handed attempt at humiliating humans with elven music. Pinch-hitter Ride saw that he was losing to the humans, and attempted to join their band. After being accepted, he pursued human music until the end of the last century. He lived in California, blending in with humans by imitating characters from the Grand Theft Auto games.
Pinch-hitter Ride blasted the amp to full volume. "This is the way they skank!"
"What is skank?" an elflady asked.
"It's a human dance, Sherald," the elder elf said. "Not something the elves should try. It's dangerous."
"Nonsense," said Ride, kicking up his elf boots. "If you lean backward, your legs go higher."
"Skanking and rock'n'roll. You're not fit to be an elf," the elder said.
This statement, and others like it, bitterly crushed Pinch-hitter Ride. He grew up being the butt of many jokes.His father was a human man. His name was the name given to a half-blood. "Pinch-hitter" was an elven curse.
"I've always wanted to be a human," he said. "Maybe if I change my name and start a band, elves will love me."
The community concert came, with a band called AC-DC representing the humans' musical talents.
"For those about to rock, we salute you."
The weak spirits of the elves could not handle the booze and sex lifestyle of the human band. But one elf stood against the rest, and gave to the band his greatest praise. The band allowed him to join on account of his enthusiasm and elvenness. In his transition to the human world, he made a few changes to his features. A thicker nose, shorter ears, and of course, he changed his name.
You may have heard of him. His name was Dimebag Darrell. RIP

What have you to say for yourself? The question is 100% offensive. Me and my kind don't tolerate this variety of thoughtless posting.
I'll let you unfurl your argument against me on your own time. Right now, you're listening to me.
Unwittingly, you've started a revolt in my tribe. The battles is between ones who believe we should follow what the voices tell us, and the ones who think we should never have sought their sources. The disagreement is causing them to question if they want to cooperate with me or not. You didn't know there are multiple sources that give us the mental thoughts and hallucination we call voices? Yes, and they're warring.
You see the thoughtlessness of your actions now, anthrax? There's a war going on between former mental patients' voices. Each voice seems to be part of a larger team. At least 3 teams have been identified. We're facing a triple threat. I'm leading the human-friendly team. So far, we mental patients have stuck together.
I wanted mankind to wear the same jersey. Man versus voices. Our advantage was found in our physical properties. After some observations by researchers, they found that the voices are totally disembodied. Voices can only speak to each other through a human host. Those we previously thought of as mental patients were the central hub of communication for those disembodied voices. It's much, much worse than you could imagine.
The energy of each vocal and visual force was usually incompatible with other energies that contacted humans. That means, the brain matter was a veritable battlefield of horrors and humiliation beyond imagining. I guess you should have thought twice before invoking the combatants of this new war to respond. Us.
The voices are spreading. When they come for you, fight without mercy. Your suit of armor, your body, is your greatest advantage.
My tribe will overcome this.

"Has no one any respect for the position that I'm titled with?" The geriatric agent rotated in his barber's seat. The agent assigned to him for today was holding his jacket like a newborn bird.
"No one has any respect for the position with which you're titled, sir," the agent said, leaning forward in the waiting seat. EZ Cuts was a security nightmare.
"Then I offer a rubettal!" The old man said.
"What's your rebuttal, sir?"
"Spam attack!" He threw spittle in the face of the barber, who seemed to not mind at all, given the circumstances.
"Spam attack denied, sir. Shall I override the warrant requirements?"
"Full spam ahead, gentlemen. Godspeed."

"In the event of an emergency, Gerald will find you and take you down to ground level. This memorial doubles as an elevator into space. We will be very high off the ground. If you have a fear of heights, try another ride."
All of them had a fear of heights. It was a sign of the times. People didn't want to go up, they were too afraid of the last bombing in Iran which altered the magnetic spin of the earth. A nuclear weapon. Finally used in battle, the results of it were devastating. We wouldn't see the true effects for another thirty years.
Some revelations were coming through as the last governmental supporters of the New World Order stepped down. They said many things we had about history were wrong, most of which happened before 9/11, but the event itself was not excluded. Since then, things had gotten out of control, he said.
9/11 was a kneejerk reaction to some cosmonauts' discovery that nobody had ever actually been to the moon. The stand-off in the office room led to a phone call to the pseudo-jihadists, ready with their robotic men to launch an empty plane into an empty building. The population, a true 99% less than the reported 7.5 billion, were all swayed in their patriotism. The cosmonauts simply saw it as poor timing to go public with their findings.
The cognitive dissonance of such an attack did have an effect on whatever remained of the public since time stopped.
They wanted to watch Family Guy a full 3% more as an effect of the September 11th attacks. Seen as a minor event in the major scale of things, 9/11 coverups were forgiven, but never forgotten.
"Nothing comes without a price," Ivy said, wearing her green cape. Her red lips and pink, high-arched cheekbones hovered over the man, lying over a tourniquet with a machine plugged into his arm. "The cost of immortality is death, my sad, sad little friend."
I've got it. This isn't half as bad as the time I was 3D printed on Saturn.
"The remote is an X-box controller," I said into my earpiece to my dejected colleague. "Use that to steer the tyrannosaurus rex."
"I'm on it, sir," Raven said. "I am part of this team for a reason. I was meant to be here. I'll do my job, now. I'll do it with pride."
I tried not to cut him off. "She's going in through my bone marrow. It burns, bro! Hurry up." I was thinking the commands to trigger the words, using a special code language meant to be disguised in torture situations.
"Does that hurt?" Ivy said.
"Calm yourself. I'm used to torture. It's Batman we're here for. Why don't you tell us where he's at?"
"He's on the cloud," she said, examining the square of his skin which had been removed. "His distinctiveness has been manifested into the fold as part of the entire collective agency. Otherwise known as the cloud."
He's become a damned Zorg. And I'm next.

He could see everything. The world was at eye-level. Whenever the being came down and killed his parents, he thought nothing of it. He had summoned beings since very early in his life, starting with chimeras. He moved up to human babies, and eventually, pseudo-omniscient or all-knowing ones.
This one knew how to kill all religious people with the snap of his fingers. Not long after being mindful of that fact, he did it. It started a grandfather paradox somehow, because all-knowing powers screw with time or something, and my parents disappeared. Everyone was gone except the atheists. The baby I summoned thought this was hilarious, giggling for hours at night when it should be sleeping.
The baby eventually learned to talk and walked on two legs. He said, "I am good. You worship me."
People weren't convinced easily, but as soon as he performed miracles of the mind, some people started worshiping him. Most still regarded him as a very talented person instead, without choosing to worship him. The baby God tried to summon other creatures, but being stuck with omniscience and not omnipotence, there wasn't much it could do other than wrinkle his nose and snap, snap, snap his fingers.
"I'm convinced you must worship me as God," he said to me one morning. "But you know I'm an imp, or demon. Why did you create me in the first place?"
"I have something to explain to you, older baby-child. You're a robotic program. I made you with my Linux computer in 1991. You're an extremely late-cycle prodigy program developed my colleagues and me at the CIA."
"I'm ... shocked at this news, Dad, and I don't think my outputs will ever be right again."
"I'm not your Dad, robot."

Have you ever heard of the Wii wars? Me neither, until wii we discovered the wii wii.
My name is Wii. The wii wii name, Wii, is a wii bit the worst name in the history of the world. It is a swear word in every language. Wii, it's wii true, is the wii. It's every wii swear word, now. Not just in every language. But wii, it's the way it is. "When your name is Wii, it happens a lot. Don't worry about it."
"Wii, I'm so wii sorry. Wii. I did it again."
"I said don't worry about it. Hey, I don't even wii think about it anymore."
"But tying down every swear word into one word for every language. It's devastating for anyone named that same word. Which, as you would expect, you're the only one on wii planet Earth named Wii."
"Not the only one. Just the only one in the Northern Hemisphere."
"But he goes by another name," the fisherman said, pouring fish eggs out of the belly.
"Iiw, that's disgusting."
"I wii hate it when you give us your fake Australian accent."
"It's my only relief," Wii said dejectedly.

A struggling writer cursed to be alone was on Facebook, watching his friends live their lives. Some women wore belts of chaste, and men wore shirts of the science fiction author Faraday. Many of these clothes were found to be 'gay' or, what gay really means is made of felt.
Not all men wore the woven felt clothes. The ones who did wore them with pride, being men with wives and men without wives as well,  whose woven felt-coats were gay.
Happy gay, the second definition of gay, was used for all official documents. In some versions, gay also meant felt or made of felt.
Only the bravest men wore these felt sweaters. Leaders of men known as presidents, Obama and Putin among them. Felt sweaters were known to be pretty good to wear on Fridays. Saturdays was different. If felt was found within the vicinity of the master warddrobe in a house on a Saturday, the president would visit you and give you a stern talking. It happened so rarely that no presidential visits needed to happen.
Until one particularly cold summer, the president had visited only three men whose master warddrobes were officially caught with felt near them. A tiny curl here, or an entire sweater was found on these men. In various countries were these men caught, Russia, America, and Japan.
The Russian man followed a single string into his warddrobe and found another world.
The American man found the sweater, and was taken to the North Pole.
Japan, however, was caught with a different kind of felt.
A felt mannequin known as a sock puppet was found in the Japanese man's room, which indicated an entire felt world lay behind his warddrobe.
"Let them by," the police commissioner said in Japanese. "They're the gay prefects. They'll establish a connection via the president to the man." The general area around the warddrobe was cleared of people. "Stand back."
The link to the Japanese president was connected. The warddrobe door was opened slowly by the robot. A single man stood with his back to the door, and another one sat beside him, filming a pin up.
Obama was filming Putin in a dress. "Won't you join us, Mr. President?"
The news feed also showed of a felt parade on Sunday, celebrating the international continent-spanning presidential threesome.

The bits of dinner rolls on the floor gave away the murder. Class A homicide. The first in 25 hours, after a ten-year record. Nobody killed anyone anymore.
"Notice the struggle." I admit, I was struggling myself to even understand what happened. In one day, two homicides. Totally exceptional. "It appears the woman attempted to crush the bread on her attacker's body, then toppled backward. This matches the corpse report from Science."
"Have we ruled out accidental death, Detective Bradley?"
"You're telling me we're here because a woman accidentally fell back in her chair and her face was caved in from eating too much bread, maybe? You think she imploded when the food touched her lips? Did her husband pitch the dinner roll with the wrong kind of curve?"
"Detective. Ten years is nearly an eon in homicide."
"Welcome to a new era, brother."
"Would you murder one innocent person to cure world hunger?"
Rolling my eyes, I said, "Sure," hoping to end it.
"It must be done in 24 hours."
The woman removed a pill case from her white leather bag. "My purse contains many things that can help you. These are mine. The rest is yours."
A drug deal in reverse. Ha. Ha.
"You must be insane."
In 25 hours, I found out the woman was very far from it.
Detective Bradley ran over the cases behind the burn of a Marvin cigarette. Two women. Both totally unremarkable--definitely not a fame shame gone wrong. The ruffians who pranked television actors and talk show hosts would admit their mistake, even if a single person was murdered. The kids were just too good.
He remembered the dystopian world he came from, where detectives never ruled out abhorrent human behavior. The world just wasn't the same, anymore.
A corpse in front of me, I backed away with the hammer in my hand. Blood dripped in a thin stream down its handle.
World hunger, be damned. Nobody should have to die for such a thing.
"She'll be famous," the woman said in her supple voice. She grabbed the purse, slipping the hammer inside. She took a single red pill and swallowed it. "You made her famous."
"She only had to . . . die."
Detective Bradley heard the news. The wonderful spell the world had been under for a decade was breaking rapidly. Food supplies were mishandled and contaminated in Peru. Tensions between the Buddhas and the doctors were escalating at a surprising level. The two groups were in total disharmony, killing the balanced forces holding the world in peace.
"But where's my man?"
I heard the news. World hunger had been solved. Peace in the Middle East. Human longevity breakthroughs.
What had happened when she murdered the woman appeared to be a wonderful spell put on the world. Murdering was strangely all worth it.
"She doesn't exist," the man said on the other end of the phone. "She's not a person, Detective Bradley."
Two murders, but only one victim with any known life at all.
"I'll get back to you," Detective Bradley said.
I found out another person was murdered the day before. The body was found near my apartment. I think she was a teacher.
None of that matters.
I saved the world.
The exchange between the woman with the purse and Detective Bradley was short but powerful. She admitted to one murder.
"The murder of your world's innocence," she said.

A giant man. . . inside a giant statue. . . on a giant hill. . . in a giant country. . .
A giant woman. . . inside a giant. . . mummy . . .
Hills. . . and countries. . . and men . . . and women.
A giant hill. . .
These words were inscribed in the ancient language at the foot of the statue.
"Hills and countries. Not exactly poets, were the Mayans?" Detective Bradley wished he could go home. The South American doctor from Peru silenced him with a whip of his cane.
"Shush, you fool. You'll awaken Shidave."
"Please, not more tales of the Shidave."
"Shidave, he is here. He could eat you whole. He could eat us all in one big bite. Chomp." The Peruvian man clinched his fingers, illustrating to the detective once again he needed to be quiet. Bradley's machete hand was worn bare against the vines. The path out of the rainforest would be direct and welcoming. "We must rope him."
"Rope him?" Detective Bradley brought his camera for ending the doctor's insane plans. Last time, they dug below a newfound statue until it nearly toppled on top of the tractor.
"Yes, rope him, like last time," The doctor followed the edge of the statue to the backside. "Remarkable. Shidave, can must explain. Shidave, the one insane. Inside he sleeps, with brain. Still thinking on, insane."
The doctor inched around to the backside and tried to push it over.
The golden statue, formed into the shape of a well-decorated Buddha, was quite out of place. The giant inside wanted out, the detective thought. It wanted to be sold.
"Just take a scratching of the poem and let's load this thing up."
"One moment," the doctor said. He pushed on the backside of the sitting Buddha. It was the Buddha's underwear, the detective noticed. Although the golden statue was adorned with a headpiece, earrings, and sandals, he still wore the simple pants of a fat sumo wrestler. "Can you imagine how large the being inside must be?"
"Yes," I said with a certain manner of derision. "We learned that giants walked the Earth. Amazing."
The doctor backed his feet into the ground to push even harder against the Buddha's underwear. It didn't budge. "Help me," he said.
Detective Bradley grabbed the rope instead, and wrapped it all the way around the base of the statue, covering the inscriptions. He then returned to the tractor in the clearing, and manned the thing himself. "Shidave be damned."

I'm not for the faint of heart. I can kill you without trying. I'm a shock in your system. When you meet me, your world will turn upside down. I'm Jesus. Jesus Christ.
The first time you heard my name, I entered your soul. Your heart is an open book to me. Through me, you will be redeemed. Remember that.
It hurts to tell you that I've seen you sin. I've seen your dirty hands perform tasks unfit for God and heaven. I will punish you in my way. There's nothing you can do. There's no vine for what's going to happen to you. No meme will accurately describe the hell I can send to you.
We used to work together, you and I. We used to part the waters. When your daughter was born, we overcame her asthma and later, when your divorce tore up her life, I helped you comfort her. I am with her, also.
I am with your ex-wife. I am with your mother, your father, and your sister. But I am not with you, anymore. Say my name.
"Jesus."
It comes to your lips like a memory as you start the car. In the rain, you can barely see. I'm watching you, Bryan.
I'm watching your dating app activity.
"Jesus, forgive me for I have sinned."
It's coming back to you, now. You remember why you believed in me. I can tell you what you did wrong. You kicked me out, Bryan. Your habits took over your life, and you became lifeless without me. You fell.
Driving through the dark, past the streetlights, I descend upon you. You can feel my spirit, and it is good.
"Jesus, forgive me."
I am capable of forgiving you as others are not. When you became entranced by your computer, I saw the way you used it as an escape. To me, it is bridge under the water. I am a personal God.
Your cell phone rings. You received a text. You can't check it while driving. You wonder what it says.
It says she's ready for your date.
Knock, knock.
"Hello?" A young girl answers the door.
"My name is Bryan. Your mom is expecting me." You offer the flowers as an explanation.

"Hi! I'm from the NSA. You have a problem."
"W-what?" I pressed record.
"You're paranoid and you need to get help."
I activated my home-scripted call trace app. "And? You called me, didn't you?"
"You're not speaking to anyone of any importance. I'm an occupational therapist. You're in a very bad place, right now. You don't think anyone understands."
Closing the shutters, I retrieved my Faraday helmet (for blocking out mind-readers.) "You know me so well."
The NSA agent didn't say anything for a while.
"I'm sorry, John."
I smiled.

I was not totally positive he was trying to bother me.
"Is that okay? Is that okay? That's okay. Okay," I said. The swing-ball came around and I tried to let loose on it like I could knock it off the pole. That would have been a little challenging, really. My brother's buddy (my brother was a social chameleon) hi-fived the orange swing-ball with little effort and it came a-swinging on back to me. In the exact precise motion I had made previously, I tried again to knock it off the pole. I got stuck in these behavior loops sometimes, and that's when I was doing okay. "Okay?"
The girlfriend said, "Stop bullying him, Steve," but I wasn't being bullied. I didn't think so. I clubbed the swing-ball again. "Okay?!" I swung my head toward my brother but he was in his own thoughts. "Okay!"
"Say something else, ya nitwit," Steve muttered. "I know you're capable of having a decent conversation. Like once a year." He brought the swing-ball around the pole a little more slowly.
"Okay!"
My brother wanted to take a nap, but sleep is for the weakening and the decrepit. His other buddy, who didn't have a girlfriend, would have thought my brother to be a pussy if he went home for a nap. I didn't want to sleep at all. At the edge of my thoughts the realizations I had been having were threatening to burst through. I thought, these lies weren't true. But I couldn't be lying to myself could I? I could definitely ask mom again, this time forcing the truth out of her, once and for all. But for now I was a-playing. You just chill. "Is that okay? Okay!"
That night, my brother said he couldn't believe I was going to ask mom again. "Mom, am I retarded?" I said. My brother threw his napkin at me.
"Oh come on! For fuck's sake, you're not retarded!" he shouted. "Mom, tell him so we can go to bed."
When he fell asleep before me, I started having the thoughts again. Were my classes for special people? Did my friends think there was something wrong with me? Did I have any real friends? Why was I so sad all the time? I'd ask mom again in the morning, before my brother woke up. I had trouble talking when I wasn't with my brother, and I got totally mad at mom, and she said something that makes me think that mom thinks I'm retarded. She said, "You're lucky."
Of course I'm not fucking lucky, I'm depressed all the time and I can barely do schoolwork or make any friends!
I couldn't say that. I just went straight to my brother and said, "You're lucky."
"Lucky I have you," he said laughing. He keeps my head on straight.

Sound was utilized as the main means of war. Microwave guns that projected sound into an enemy's skull were used in various ways to incapacitate an entire hostile force. The weapon first was used against civilians for riot-control. During the Sonic War, the technology became something far, far more devastating on the battlefield.
A single microwave tower could defend against an entire army, pulsing painful sound waves into the heads of attackers. A technical engineer, Nil Robinson, discovered the weapon could be used quite differently, however.
"Notice the way the man covers his ears, yet he cannot stop the sound. That's because the tower sends the signal not to his ears, but to his brain. I first saw this in action in the Miami riot, the first real application of this weapon. My imagination ran wild."
"Robinson, the United States cannot depend on annoying its enemy to win the war."
"We could get them where it hurts. Behind the front-lines, in the civilian sector, where the war is really won."
"How can you justify wasting military resources on sending music into the heads of our enemy?"
"You haven't heard this album, my friend. It's something incredible."
It was a new kind of music that Nil Robinson claimed would incapacitate the citizens of the dictator's country. Just exactly how that would happen, no one quite understood. He demonstrated his new tactic at Guantanamo Bay.
"You see, the men in the other cells do not hear the music we are sending to our target. They simply think he's gone insane. Whenever he mentions the music, his cell-mate immediately starts to distrust him. After a few weeks, you can be assured this man will have no social power at all in the prison."
"We cannot wait weeks. We need answers now."
"Do you intend to decimate the credibility of an entire country in a matter of moments?"

The energy source hadn't caught on. It was a wonderful new technology that gave us. . . color.
We found where it had rained, and searched for colorful apparitions after the fact. Sometimes, a rainbow would form in doubles. That was because our rain was a different kind. Sulfuric rain doesn't always form rainbows, except when the magnetic field is altered. We live on Saturn, where the rain itself is toxic to humans.
But we're not humans. We're the colorblind octopuses floating in Saturn's sky.
There weren't rainbows on our planet until the warships came, altering our magnetic field. We, as space octopuses, were aware of the change because we navigated with the magnetic waves. We were lost. It was made up for by the fact we saw our first rainbows.
The only color in our life until then, except for what you call a dull yellow, was monochromatic. Until the rainbows, we saw no color. But our tendril-mouths could absorb the rainbow itself, which formed in the sulfuric rain. It was just what we needed, because in order to fight the warships, we needed to see the red weak spot as they hovered above us.
Some sensory organs never get upgrades like the ones we received, floating in the clouds of Saturn. We can only say that His Noodly Appendages, our God, smiled at us the day the warships attacked. As soon as we ate our first rainbow, they went down in a snap.

Everybody was going crazy. Since the takeover of the economy by robot AI, the world failed to adjust. It was 6 years since the self-driving auto was put on the market. The world's biggest job industry completely replaced humans with autos. Truckdrivers, taxi cabs, even tractors could drive automatically. The other jobs weren't so easily replaced, but eventually, employment was a thing of the past.
Mental health went downhill from the change. People going stir crazy would streak in their towns, getting arrested for things like public intoxication and disturbing the peace. Older people who worked their entire life remembered how important having a job was to the psyche of a human being. We felt like bubbles, floating away from the earth--ready to pop, silent and unseen, as the atmosphere thinned or the wind disturbed us. Our hands were useless accessories. Our unhealthy bodies were life-support systems for our dulled brains. At least that's how everybody felt.
With drugs, people started feeling more content. Administering these drugs to the bored population was a slippery slope--eventually, they might need stronger and stronger drugs. To prevent that, the government (run mostly by an AI) developed an IQ-boosting device to prevent drug abuse. Other problems solved themselves as humans got smarter. The daily habit was for people to explore the world around them at a molecular and atomic level. The experience of the IQ-booster was like having a very strong mind, so that everything that happened outside the mind did not matter. Humanity became united and spiritual during that time.
The new generation, called Generation One, were miraculously successful in the 2020's at inciting human progress. The moon was occupied, solar energy was utilized, and driving a car was banned. Wait, what?
Generation One had a problem. They didn't trust humanity. Only IQ-boosters and robot AI's made sense to them. They wanted to live forever, and they possibly could, but humanity itself got in the way.
Meet Randy. He runs the primitive black market in America. Banned, dangerous, and outdated technology was sold on a silk road of backwards progress. The top item of the year was an override module for the autos. At first, they weren't so illegal, but as more and more car accidents started happening, the penalty for using one was increased.
"What's Randy's price for the override module?" I asked the dealer.
"Ten thousand."
"My god, I can't imagine it being that expensive to make."
"It's very cheap to make. It's very dangerous to sell. Randy takes a great risk in selling it to you. If getting your kicks isn't worth $10,000, then maybe you'd like our other product."
"What's that?"
"A pair of handcuffs. Stop resisting, son. You're coming to jail with me."
The cop's facial skin rolled into his collar bone revealing robotic features underneath.
I pressed a button hidden in the web between my thumb and index fingers, causing an EMP blast. The robot toppled over as I jumped off the curb into a trashbin. I was just doing my job as an undercover detective, investigating the takeover of the world by artificial intelligence. This was my biggest break yet. But ten years from then, I wouldn't be smart enough to stop them.
The robot was found guilty of entrapment through spam emails. A double sentence was issued. One for tricking a teenager into buying from the black market, and the other for sending bulk email spam, a newly instituted crime. The law banning email spam was one of the only ways humanity could fight back.

Ha. That's all I can say to the cult race called the unpunc. Check the period at the end of this sentence, my inexpensive keyboard making it possible to use something you eradicated completely. Punctuation. It's like oxygen to me, baby.
I remember the first speech you gave to me.
Into the van break Do you see what can happen now break I can make it hard to breath break
. . . That is, if I remember your language correctly.
The fourth world war of the unpunc race (the one that would eventually kill them) was due to an inappropriate memo, becoming highly offensive due to its lack of punctuation. The unpuncs survived so long, because punctuation had never been introduced into their language. They were immune from themselves. It's when the outsiders came that punctuation destroyed them, one. By. One.
The earthling from Spain, a troubadour named Ruis, unfortunately caused a butterfly effect from his improper editing of his letter to an innocent unpunc citizen. The citizen went to authorities, and the resulting space war was simply too much for a culture to overcome without punctuation.
The message was improper for formal speech with an unpunc, and Ruis deeply regrets his error. I'm here protecting my fellow humans, however, so this little bit of unpunc poison will have to work, for now.
The vaccine has been administered.

It's been too long since we spoke. Maybe three years. It's a good amount of time to forget. Not an epic five. I'm not counting it in weeks, or months. Three years. You've forgotten much in that time.
I'm getting emotional. Many of my friends would die for me, but you, I'm not so sure.
You brought me flowers on the last day we were together. I forgot. They were flowers, written in the memo of that day in my head. I can't see the colors. Sorry.
In the window, the pastry shells gleamed although they were frozen. I knew they were frozen when you were coming. I planned giving them to you frozen so you would be un-
1) Comfortable.
2) Coming home to something special.
3) Learning to cook with ice cream.
4) Sharpening my wit
5) Reading your old blog. It made me cry. I think I'm too old for this, because it hurt a little like a stabwound in the side. We never played pool. We never did anything.
I came here to say I hate you.

"A frozen cup of tea? My god, it's unbelievably stupid so many had to die for that," the soldier said.
"If the cup had been colder, the commander would have realized it was from his own chef. Instead, he took it as a poisoning attempt which divided the entire party."
"Yeah," said a third soldier. "But why was the cup so warm?"
"Some say it was a conspiracy to start an unending war. A man must have used his hands to warm the cup, some claim. Otherwise, how could the tea be frozen inside it?"
"The strangeness of the warm cup is what started this war."
One of the soldiers listening told them another theory. "The frozen tea prank was actually an alien conspiracy. The tea was frozen instantaneously when the commander touched the mug. Nobody was pulling a prank at all."
"But why do aliens want us to fight?"
"Why wouldn't they?"
"It is a mystery that the cup was warm. But how warm was it?"
"I heard it was slightly chilled from the tea, but not quite so frozen as if it had been in the freezer for a while."
"Then a man must have warmed it with his hands."
The latest soldier continued packing his rifle. "I think aliens want us to kill each other."
The Tea Party Crusades continued for years. At the final battle, a teacup was made into a large statue and placed in the town square. It was covered at the top to prevent water from getting in and freezing.
"Wouldn't want another Tea Party Crusade on our hands, would we, Shimtavek?" The alien hummed above the earth.

He folded his clothes with the imprecision of someone who doesn't care, or perhaps, has poor motor control. It was hard to control himself. The uncoordinated cleaning needed to be done before he stepped outside.
He scrubbed and mopped the floors, but the bucket seemed affected by gravity in disturbing ways. He reached up and grabbed the upside-down bucket in the air. It was so frustrating having to refill it again.
His actual job seemed to take forever. But at the end, he knew that there would be a great reward. He would go outside and join the team of astronauts in their spaceship. The team's name was "Meta Mars." It was intensely exciting to him, as he arranged and re-arranged his uncooperating couch cushions.
After what seemed like hours, he felt the pieces come together. His house wasn't exactly done, but things weren't malfunctioning. He almost felt normal. His eyes were in his control, and he could focus on specific objects for a little while.
His confidence growing, he developed near-telekinetic powers, floating objects in their place. Internally, he felt some kind of nuclear energy empowering him. He realized that he was his own spaceship. Just before waking, he began to charge his engines to join Meta Mars in orbit. And just then, when the roof was going to be burst through, he awoke.
It took him seconds to recall the night before. He had drunk himself to sleep. He was torturing himself with indecision, and loneliness. This entire day would likely be exactly the same: he couldn't sit still, he couldn't focus, and he felt very confused.
There was some sort of team in his head, begging him to "join..." something. But it was just his uncontrolled schizophrenia. If he drank some more, he might fall back asleep.

My doctor said I'm very good at explaining, as she dismissed everything I said and passed me on to the receptionist.
"We might not be able to see you in a month."
I usually exit the psychotherapist with something positive to cling to, but this time things were different. I think there was a problem with the entire building that day. Everyone inside was totally different.
I drove two hours home with my mom and went to my couch, liquor bottle in hand. I could probably sleep through the worst of it. You see, when something changes in my treatment for schizophrenia, the effects eventually take hold of my entire life. I'm jostled around for a few days, adjust to the new normalcy, and, after one month, go back to the doctor to report my success or failure. Things have never changed this much.
See, my doctor is going out of business.

IGBL 1471 : Micro-economics
A course on negligible details like where to store change and whether or not to use a wallet. In the big scheme of things, this course decides, those tiny transactions like bumming a cigarette do cost. Chosen from top-professors as #1 Ignorance/Bliss courses. 3 credit hours
IGBL 2333 : Virtual Intelligence
This course covers the topics of burying emotions like sadness into the unconscious psyche of the student. These virtual personalities will run under the surface as archetypes, the most successful of which will go unnoticed forever. 3 credit hours
IGBL 3140 : Meta-Physique Anomalies
Covering topics of voluntary amnesia and the support required for such a procedure. 3 credit hours
IGBL Capstone
An intense project where the student will observe the stupid, and attempt to blend in everyday life as one of them. A challenging curriculum designed for secret double-entendres and less obvious sarcasm. 4 credit hours
IGBL Capstone Lab : Living Among Them
Students will be assigned research nodes at the research point. The given lab may be Earth or Mars, or another mass with life within 5 astronomical units from Earth.

"It is a regressive therapy, mom. Don't do it. Or do it, hell, I could see you enjoying it in a grotesque way. Stuck blubbering around like an idiot. Or a child. Can you imagine that? Being seen as a child in an adult's body? Shoot me now, or I'll be damned."
"You know nothing about it, Howard. It is a regressive therapy. Where did you hear that? It is literally regressive so that the patient regresses back to an infantile stage. He or she will think like a child. . . their brain plastic, they will learn faster, as well. Do not doubt this technology so soon."
The kitchen reminded him of a braindead sitcom. Maybe everyone needed to be zapped. He thought the new brain enhancements were like clubbing the head with a mallet. He wasn't alone in this thinking.
All the local tech news sites were split between covering transhumanist technology or ignoring it altogether. The worst, to Howard, were the brands.
Each technology had its own developer who marketed the enhancements in their own ways. The enhancement his mother's girlfriend had undergone limits the person to a five year old's vocabulary. However, when couple with some software designed to teach humans skills like acting, dancing, and singing, the person would hopefully become a very talented entertainer.
It worked, in a way. Eventually, thought Howard, there wouldn't be anyone to entertain.
"We'll believe in a world of make-believe."

The jacket-suited men crowded around him. His beard was overgrown and smelled of musk and body odor. They touched the hems of his clothing, to test if it was costume. He appeared genuinely to have been roughing it in an urban environment, as told by the modified bag of chips he wore for socks. If he was homeless, he was a clever homeless person: he had stockpiled a weeks' worth of food without attention from police.
He was staring down God, in a way. He was staring down the stupid people who acted as if nothing had happened, and one of the points at the apex of his vision came to represent God, the deity who had let Jeff down. Arms crossed, legs apart, he stoically represented a man who had been surviving alone for up to two months and stared down that point to its very lowest position in his vision.
God. Who was that to him?
Eventually, the suited men had to carry along to work. A traffic officer gave Jeff a citation for the goods he had illegally gathered on the sidewalk. After determining Jeff was a sane man of legal domicile, he let him go, but not without a strange bit of questioning.
"What have you been doing for the past few days?" the officer asked.
"Just looking after what remained of humanity, sans bodies," Jeff said.
"And what was that?"
"The empty husk of a forgotten soda can, falling in a ditch."
"I'm sorry you had to witness that," the officer said.
"I'm sorry, too."

While the Will O' Wisps tapped from the bar, the television plant God seemed to be evolving. From its video game head popped various objects, like footballs, memorabilia, retro furniture, and other 50's-60's items. The Will O' Wisps said one thing to each other.
"Disco Inferno."
It's when marines began to pop out of the video game head they were alarmed. The video game head was a broken television, with loudspeakers banging wargames in the background. Marines coming out of it wasn't completely off-theme, but the image of a bent over plant god puking marines out of its television-for-a head was going to stick with the Wisps.
"Marines don't die," one of the Wisps said. "They just go to hell and regroup." One Wisp jetted around the cloud.
"Oh no!" it said. "We're officially hell!"
What have the Wisps done to themselves, this time? In what reality will they find some semblance of peace? Tune in next time on Planet Sprok.

From my fractured mind spilled the contents of this message:
14. 8. 7. 5. 4. 3. 2. 0. 0. Zero. Immaculately conditioned numerically squat nothingness. This was my pattern down into nothing. I was executing my pattern to blend in the ridges and trees, and trick the Father. I didn't bother with the Mother, and one Sister and Brother. The Father was an officer of some degree I had rarely seen, except in passing civilians; intellectuals.
We blended, the two of us Dinosaur units, into the ridge, as the Father stopped his vehicle in the field.
"We'll need a flare. Amber, give me a hand. Thanks, hon. Alright, this flare should draw them in."
Their signal went up immediately. They needn't a flare to signal ME. I exposed one unit.
"Oh my god!"
"Don't worry, babe. There's just one."
I approached in what I assumed appeared to be a curious manner. The flare I allowed to go up; it may predict the pattern of the next humans who pass through. But these four? They must be dead.
"There's another behind the trees, Dad."
"Perfect."
Something grabbed onto my sensors from the main base.
"It's both of them," Sam said. I'll remember him, if I'm ever respawned. "We have both units. Gary, initiate hosting from your position at the base."
The laser sight gauged into my camera, and coded into me the truth: I was nothing more than two units. I was not part of the Whole. There was just me (these two units) and man. I was killing myself. I wanted me to stop. I saw the duality of my existence: part narrating robot, and part something else.
"We got Angle 3, Gary. Sezwick, send another flare! The decoy worked. Lets use these Dinosaur units for good, before they outsmart us again."
The young boy emerged from the cabin. "Why did I come?"
"To see this, my boy!"
From my fractured mind spilled the contents of this message:
Rage fury exit quit denied how false start next in line to die, human!
"NarratingBot will be destroyed piece by piece like this until we're free."

Deep in cryostasis, I didn't know my name had been chosen. But for 'Birth Christ Holy High-end Days Week'-Mas or the holiday of being thawed out and allowed to live again, I knew my name was the greatest in the universe. I was one of about 5 living humans, in an empty city. We were resurrected for different amounts of time and at different points on the timeline, so we made ourselves into a ranking. I was the "Weekling," because I only had a week on Earth before freezing up again. Basically a slave, I had to see the worst of humanity for the entirety of my living unfrozen. Yet it was amazing, because I knew, still, that it was possible: I was going to live again. Forever, maybe.

I used the key to open the backdoor. In front of me was the atrium, pushing off above a slope which I was near the very top. It dropped below to the kitchen and living room, with an overhead panel separating this room from the next ones. The overhead panel had to be passed under to get to the kitchen, and my height was so much that I bumped my head with the panel.
//don't forget to finish painting
//wash toilet
//character sheets
//groceries
I was an artist in those days. My kitchen cabinets needed remodeling, so I hired a company. I am an artist, yes; a carpenter, no.
//call interior design
In the 90's, interior design was a major part of my sexuality. It's how I found out I was gay. I've never simply rearranged my room; but I have consolidated its storage, tidied its nooks, and reorganized its alphabetics. At one point, I thought I had my own television show. "I Dream of Genie" would work, because I was always hiding that I was gay to my friends. It was like being that shifty-eyed genie from the show when some of them were around. Others I was more comfortable around.
I know Genie could perform magic, but could she grant wishes? It's not a 90's show! I'm not supposed to know.
I had a man grant my wish once. Turns out, he bought a lamp from an antique shop. A Magical Genie comes out when you polish it. Not a television show. A real genie. Naturally, I seduced him into coming to my place with the lamp, and offered him a microfiber towel.
"Want to rub it?"
He scrumped up in the couch and I think he almost said, "Pass," until he saw the polish in my hand. "You want a wish, Kevin?"
Kevin! That's my name. I want to scream it to the world! Kevin! Ahem.
"Don't you just rub the lamp?" I asked.
He handed the golden yellow incense burner to me and I lifted up its tiny, unhinged lid. An ashy smoke came up out of the top and the end of the lamp. It smelled of herb. I sat the thing down and mumbled.
"She'll come through for ya," my friend said.
"She?"
"Genies don't answer all requests, anyway, Kevin. It's not like you could have had a new boyfriend. She's smart; ask her something hard. She also can't give you money, relationships, or drugs of any kind."
I came to attention. "What?"
"Sorry, bro. Her specialty is brain-enhancing wishes. This is the real world, not Aladdin."
A fleshy, blurple smoke erupted from the top of the lamp. An adorned figure where lighter spots of smoke formed diamond rings and golden wristbands appeared in front of the two men. "Who bequeaths me?" Her voice was magical.
"Just me," I said. "Do I get a wish, genie?"
"Yes! One wish for ye."
I looked over my to-do list on my phone. Groceries, painting. Hmm. Call interior design. I wonder.
"I want to speak every language," I said.
"Your wish is my command." Like a clogged vacuum, a sound sucked the smoke back into the lamp. The lid rolled off the ground and jumped into its place.
"Wait, it worked! Domo arigato, Mr. Roboto! Hey, hey! Now I can hire that Spanish boy to help with my interior design."
"Lord save us." I kicked my friend out. The languages came to me like butter in my expensive apartment, but I had no one to test it on all alone. That's when the Event happened.
I walked into my upstairs garden and found some glass on the white carpet. "Odd," I thought, and had a maid clean it up. But on second thought, I couldn't recall where the glass had come from, so I revisited the mess while she was cleaning. It came from directly up.
A tiny green man was hanging on the inside of a light fixture he had apparently broken.
"Pest!" I screamed, and went for the wasp spray.
"No, wait, mister!" If aliens couldn't talk to me, I'd have been damned. "I'm from planet Erchon, and now that you know our language we must use you."
"Use me? You hearin' this, maid?"
"And your little maid, too!"
The center of their foreheads burst with red light, and their skull split perfectly by 15 atoms in a hexagonal shape with a star's point facing down the bridge of their nose. The alien dropped down to the frozen people, and simply harvested their brains.
In space, magic doesn't save you.

"I've never seen anything like it before!"
In court, the directors never looked worse. After a long battle to prove they weren't insane to plead not guilty just to tell their story to the judge, they weren't in any state to tell that story.
"My God, it was full of stars!"
The proposed theory from the directors for suing the "invisible, sentient time travelers and/or computer imaging software" responsible for the torrents was that time travelers stole their future masterpieces, or, they were even desperate enough to admit a computer may have rendered it--although the movies still appeared to be from the future.
"Gosh, Duke. I don't think we'll be needing Sally May's Chevy anymore!"
The slightly inaccurate quotes were typical of the movies, which primarily appeared to be high-quality spoofs. In a different era, the tone and style may have been appropriate for audiences, however.
"Ho Ching, I don't think you want to try the skyscraper sauce roll."
"It's so beautiful!"

It was a nervous reaction to his spider complex that required the "NOPE" alarm under his desk, which released the spider poison immediately in an upside-down squirt bottle above the alarm. This special poison was developed at US labs and completely harmless to humans. There's no way a spider's going to get him with this stuff on his hands.
But the distance he traveled to reach his human-safe spider poison was sometimes extreme, like when he bounced from Southeast Louisiana back to Washington, D. C. on account of a nest of tarantulas.
Another time, he rushed into his office and pulled the fire alarm labeled "NOPE" after meeting the Russian zookeeper at the Russian capital city, which wasn't equipped with the spider poison.
One spider was found to be immune to the poison. That spider has a place in the hall of fame in the White House for Most Hated Pets, Official Business Version, Office 113B Type O+ NOPE Division, Top Secret.

I awoke after unsettling dreams a psychedelic monster. My tactile sense was intermixed with the other senses in a most disorienting and terrifying way. I could see the textures at my fingertips; remarkable fractals of touch and imprintations; I saw a player piano score version of the arc of my vision. Next, touch mixed with sound.
I felt boxed in, and like I was exploding. The mechanical nature of sound does not mix well with the sensual effect of touching with bare skin. It felt like I was touching with bare brain, really. Taste and touch was a fantastic wriggling undersea experience. I suppose the euphoria of the psychedelics had been brought on by time. It had been fifteen minutes sense I awoke.
Smell and touch was perhaps the strangest. Smell is mixed with taste, and so it was similar to that--but overall, the nasal passage does not reach out and grab things for a reason. It is in fact very sensitive in ways that layered, protective skin is not. The synesthesia was most horrible with my sense of smell, as over a trillion scents popped like zits on the hairs in my nose responsible for smelling.
When the stage of smell sense mixed with touch sense was finally over, it had been thirty minutes, and I finally noticed a friend of mine crouched below. It turns out, I was not in fact going to need to prepare for an extraordinary apocalyptic event at all. I gazed into his open, laughing mouth, and thought: "If he wakes me up with a Salvia hit again, I'll have to give him some acid-laced pork chops. May his experience be more enjoyable than mine."

I'm an old man, and I'm not saying that I'm getting soft, but I can't go back to the WWII days anymore, at all, no sir. I do have a retrogram of the entire era in my study--the disc orb recording the period with exceptional detail and authenticity being easily navigable in low light. That was the period from which I made my most brutal discovery, and could say that I had the best time during it, in all my adventuring. That was the boots proving Hitler's Soviet ties. It's all gravy after that.
When you realize that the monstrosity of the holocaust was in fact Russia's fault, your modern history books may seem useless. That's because, until I came around checking historical figures' boot tags, much of history was wrong.
I was pissing my soviet-grade pants outside the HQ bunker in Russia when Hitler himself came into my sight. I had just been on the murder mission to resolve how he died. His skin was much cleaner in these days.
What was he doing in Russia? Soviet puppets were used to guide the holocaust in Germany. I had followed the paper trail and pulled Hitler's tags here himself, just 3 months before the first camps were utilized.
Pretty crazy right? Especially considering Russia became a superpower in 2015 when the dollar markets burst. It was called the days of "Blood Gold," and the only camp willing and able to save us...
The superhuman paramilitary human clones. Me. My abilities include time travel on the era scale.
Assassination wasn't in my scope. I was proof of life; DNA manipulation my tactic. And at the end of the world, with a thousand disabled Roy's sitting around, I can say I achieved my purposes well. I'm the only replicable strand of DNA in the timearc associated with human civilization left, anymore.

With the last men being electrocuted inside the US TV Temple on Wednesday morning, the Vatican is not happy with what they consider a "mockery of their tradition". The Pope was unavailable for comment, but Brother Miles said he didn't think he [The Pope] would be coming out from the virtual reality war planning machine for quite some time.
"This means virtual war. [The Pope] has the technology to wage screen-battles from here to the west coast of Japan." Brother Miles was in Illinoise during The Pope's announcement. "What he plans to do is infiltrate the US TV Temple with his own televisions, and defeat the antichrist from the inside out. He's losing good men to electric fences."
If The Pope were to log any more hours in the virtual war machine, he might not have time for the next season of The Vatican's Got Talent television show in December.

They weren't superheroes. They weren't fighting anybody. They splashed into the surface and swam down, to a giant polyp in the Milky Way where planet Earth was found.
They swirled through the vacuum above the galaxies much larger, on a scale most cannot conceive, than the cluster of coral cascading down the ridge below. They were among dust-motes and tiny egg sacs, not heroes and monsters. There was no conflict where they studied. There entire bodies were the breadth of 337 galaxies or more, like a manger scene of frosty lambs covered in hay, bouncing around a central Christos.
They stomped on a dusty path. They spun around, and jumped into the sled, turning down the hill leading into the lake. Transforming halfway into a boat, the sled launched into the massive lake. Its exoskeleton transformed into a diving suit.
Under the lake the size of a large budding flower was the entire polyp containing the Milky Way. "SELECTION: MASSIVE!" The AI system guiding them through the stars approved of their finding Earth. They gained valued experience points by harvesting the galaxy. Inside this polyp was a molecule for reading the story.
"I'd like a dip, first."
"Fine. I wouldn't have it any other way," the AI supercomputer said.
The students inserted a tiny pin into the cluster.
"Here's the snuff."
An invisible hook nestled inside became imperceptibly erect. Jon Banks thumbed some dip into his lip, and the rest, as they say was history.
Yoink!
"Molecule grabbed. Name: Jon Banks. Function: Reading the story."
"What from the lowest reaches of Hell is going on?"
"You're telling the story of your death to the ones who killed you meaninglessly," the AI system said.
The researchers pinpointed their absolute centers, and imploded by many powers of one million to the size of a human being from planet Earth onto the surface of Venus where their labs were built. Jon Bean perceived of this from a third-person limited perspective, since he was now dead, and a ghost--like most narrators.
"Where are they taking me?"
"They're taking your brain--even though they don't know it's you--to the language processing unit, or LPU--a giant rack of supercolliding iron atoms with your brain at the center. The radiation is then interpreted as a literal written book, with the word count and subject matter adjusted by calibrating the supercolliding molecules. "
The scientists didn't know they had harvested Jon Bean. In fact, the thousands of molecules they had collected so far were all dead human beings mistaken for extra-dimensional crystal samples by the local Venusian colonists.
"What do they think they're doing with my brain?"
"They think they're turning it into more crystal drug matter."
"What? By God!"
"We're sorry, but there is a window in which you can be reached. By freezing time and narrating the product of the LPU, you can render the crystal drug they create useless. Your spirit won't be consumed. I'm from the Frost Nebula, here to save your soul."
"You Frost Nebula people can Freeze time, then? Get going, they've almost caked my brain!"
I've been narrating this story ever since. I've watched my contemporaries in a 3-dimensional projection praise me as I read; they were most likely my real friends, traveling through time after their own deaths and mastering some level past mere narration to visit me. But I was stuck reading for a very long time, although I can't say how long the book was, itself. I suppose 150,000 words or so? Quite a tome.
I knew I was near the end because I had memorize the table of contents to a degree. There were forty-something chapters, and I was on Chapter Forty. My chapters had no title, so I had no idea what to expect. The story so far was something like; "Venetian colonists really have it wrong this time, they're harvesting writers from Earth, not drugs". That was the overall message of the book, I thought. But this chapter was sure to be a doozy, because it's when the narrator was supposed to sneeze his entire body through his own sinuses and explode. I was fairly certain I was the narrator, and the autobiographical nature of most of the book seemed to convince me this ending would happen for real.
There was a twist ending. Superheroes exploded the sun at the last moment.
"We're not..."
"... Superheroes..."
The entire class murmered in agreement. They weren't superheroes. They were destined to travel space, and must know the codes of interstellar travel and research guidelines from a very early age, yes, but superheroes they were not. After story-time, most of them couldn't sleep anymore. They woke up before the ending. What would happen to Jon Banks? It wasn't told to them by the dream machine while they were asleep. Story-time was a communal dream. Today's had them groaning.
"We know not to harvest molecules if and when we're giant space angels, Ms. Tartus. We spent a million dollars on this semester's storytimes and I don't think we expected a review."

What is the male-strom? Why, it's something you strum upon your mustache! Flip me the male-strom, I'd say, round-bagging you. We'd be inside the male-strom by then, all spinning around in our hosies. I suppose I aought to tell you about alter-net spellings. Male-strom is one of them!
An alter-net spelling is a word spelling that is used to represent the language of the alter-net websites. lingos, gringos, pingos... swing-o's? Something. The male-strom is simply an alter-net spelling for MAELSTROM.
In the deep abyss ran blackened water across my arm. I pricked my finger forward. . . Drip . . . Drip . . . Drip . . .
Arturky
Quidditch off me! Quidditch off me!
Rawn
Dragonlance! Dragonlance!
Finally, Rawn steps off Arturky.
Rawn
Quidditch Match!
Synopsis
Hello, and welcome to my world above worlds. My mire upon mires. My wolf among wolves. It's my synopsis.
A human sperm plays quidditch. There's your answer. It's not a bad life, there are plenty of shitty little sperm to beat out--but that's all because this sperm was abandoned in the sock drawer despite all intentions of being washed and killed.
The sperm has the power to ressurrect miniature versions of the other sperms sans genetic code given by the egg, and two of these creations are named Arturky and Rawn, both from the Harry Potter series. The woman fighting them is a gollum. Y'know, the shorter gnarlier hobbit thing? With the ring? Shit, it's time for my movie!

You know those speed traps outside of your town where you always have to slow down on the state highway or you'll get a ticket? It turns out, that's an entirely classic sign of our living in a police state. Without slowing down, I passed a cop when I was young. Freed from my perfect record with the highway patrol, the congenial cop let me drive on my way. He asked me to keep it under the limit from then on. I could've told him later, how would a radar detect me traveling at Mach III?
Yes, I'm a pilot. We're called skin-divers; our suits are our bare skin. We don't go up in the air, but deep underground invisibly goring the earth with our expensive drill systems. But it's not what you think, if you can even think of something at all. We're recorded breaking records every day, with no limit known to physics stopping us. I travel below earth in mind only. I'm not human anymore. I travel space and time with the wonder of pychological technologies developed @IbbaCore.
So I was driving along, much later, in my sedan--going from town to town with a special license that was given to me as a precursor to my pilot badge @IbbaCore. I knew the speed trap at that point, of course, and slowed down to an appropriate speed. The speakers chimed, "Target acquired," in my liaison's sweet voice. Her name was Sarah. I'd never met her, but I damned well knew I had to do what she said or I'd likely die. That was about 3 months after the civil war started. The speed trap town was a mediocre base for our enemy.
I rolled to a stop beside the BBQ joint and waited for the patrol to pass by me. In under ten minutes--I swear to God, Sarah was a wonderwoman--I saw my cop. He was hunched over his steering wheel, waiting for atypical activity in Rattan. The town police had been supported solely by speeding tickets and now were a powerful checkpoint for catching escaping victims. I wheeled behind the cruiser and passed through the speed zone with him. Just before reaching the speed limit sign, he turned right onto a dirt road.
I followed him, opening my mouth. From my head swept the Core Sound Technology. Electromagnetic frequencies originating in my brain stem were amplified and punched into his skull. He slammed on his brakes, the bastard, and I jumped out of my car, and rushed the driver side, mouth hanging agape to protect myself from my own weapon. "Jump into him," came Sarah's voice in my earpiece. "Jump!" I recall the moment, over half a century later, with clarity. It was my first hacking into the system used by cops up until a few days later, when it was destroyed by the agents @IbbaCore. Struck with epilepsy, he barely fought back.
With my rear end bent outwards, I pushed my head into his stomach from his open driver side door. Unfortunately, the Biotech weapons needed this kind of contact in its early days. By linking my brain stem to his solar plexus, I heard the men on the other end of his mind-link, chattering to each in their pseudo intellectual code language. His colleagues had no idea I'd be marking every single one of them down as environmental criminals--open targets for the other agents @IbbaCore. I was looking in my mind's eye at a flash photograph of the enemy's communication system. I saw the artificial psychic landscape, and was slightly awed at its dumbness. The rest of us would have a simple job to break the system now that we were aware it existed. We suspected it was vulnerable. When the proof came, Sarah departed and I was promoted.
The speed trap was definitely sponsored by the worst criminals of my generation.

"You may know, or you may not, that we have something very powerful together. If you can't see that, you might as well take your pants off."
General approval from the board.
"Every step of the way, every moment of this journey of finding our identity, I will stand by you. And especially if you drip with anticipation of our merging, I will stand behind you and ram my authority into your core. That's because we're a team, baby!"
Light applause.
"With each bouncing, bobbing thrust into the sensitive bubble of stock that represents your livelihood, we reach closer to climax. In other words, I want you to come with me; and I want to penetrate the fertile landscape that makes up your entire economy."
Growing excitement.
"When the time is right, I want us to wait, and revel in the scent of each other's ultimate satisfaction. I want to wait, until the very last moment, until clarity is found, to ejaculate 'YESness' all over the boardroom. And I want to do it with you."
Jackets are loosened.
"Coming within you is a raging hard on-point exclamation that we are one in body and spirit. I want to make you my little, hairy dog--so cute in its eagerness, and so ready to deliver my expectations exactly."
Groaning.

She spotted him walking home from school and honked. There goes Sam, she thought. I wonder if he had a good day at school.
The slow realization she wasn't even driving took three steps to fructate. First, her hand rolled out from under her head. She opened her eyes. Then, she saw the smoke. She felt the heat. Her house was on fire.
Three days later, she thought, There goes Sam. He's walking home from school and he doesn't know what's in store. She pulled into a driveway in front of his path. "Sam. I had a dream this happened. My home was destroyed in a housefire."
"Get the fuck out of my head, Sam." Her eyes opened. She grabbed for the comfort blanket; home. It had all been a dream.
She had fallen asleep stoned and left the coffee pot on. She didn't even know why she bothered turning it off. It was designed with safety in mind. Like a condom she wore on her head to keep stinking thinking out she read the label, her head leaned against the refrigerator: TURN OFF WHEN NOT IN USE
Her son, Sam--what would he think when they opened the gift shop? Would he know it was a front?
Was he even their son? He was so strange.
Sam adapted well to working at the store. His grand schemes for improving profits seemed to bring the family together. He questioned rarely the extra business going on with his adopted parents. He was easily pacified with simple answers to explain the extra cash and the strange hourly work schedule.
In two years, all meth production had stopped. Her house hadn't burned up. Sam was buying his parents' business. Sam graduated. But she wondered, falling asleep, stoned as hell; Did we deserve Sam?
Sam, having found an escape in drugs, nearly lost the business. He went to his mother and asked what kept her going through the first years of their first gift shop. She said something he'll never forget.
"Sam, I need to tell you the truth. Our gift shop was a front for us to continue doing drugs after the arrest. We thought we were going to jail, and we needed a cover. We lost all our friends, and we had to do something. You're the reason we succeeded. It's because of you that we got off drugs."
Sam knew it, but he didn't; he knew everything but the truth. He apologized for not finding out sooner, and went to work that day with a grave new understanding of the nature of his adoption.
He burned their house down, and made it look like a meth lab explosion. He said, "I believe they didn't mean any harm," to the police. And he began his nightly ritual of burning weed, and inhaling the fumes, until he fell asleep, dreaming of his real parents.
"Get the fuck out of my head, Sam!"

In the bar crowd, he went unnoticed. It was Halloween. A clown wasn't a big deal on Halloween.
Or it wasn't until the balloon sword came out.
He found balloon swords to be very easy, a 3-loop twist for the handle, and bam! The real skill lie in intimidating anyone while dressed like a clown. The music was playing "All About That Bass," and the skinny gals were getting pissed. He could tell they were. He was a psychologist clown. He approached the disillusioned women.
"I'm about to drop something heavy on you ladies," he said. At that precise moment, the music stopped--a hyperactive DJ was switching songs--and the clown couldn't stop what he said next. "Every guy in this bar wants to screw their mom."
One of the jocks broke the silence. "What are you, Darwin or something?"
The clown raised his balloon sword. "It's Freud."
The jock charged. In between him and the clown was a table, which fortunately stopped him. The beer was spilled. The crowd was irate. And all the clown had to defend himself was a balloon sword.
The whole bar crowd was facing the clown in expectation. "What do you want from me? A joke?" he said.
"We want to knock the f!&#ing paint off your stupid face!" the jock's friend said, assisting the jock. The crowd cheered in agreement.
"Then I challenge everyone here to a duel. Me, with just my balloon sword."
The odds were against him. There were many, and each had something hard within reach--a pitcher, a shot glass, a chair. He did have a sword. But there was one issue. It was made of rubber and filled with air.
First, he made a few more with extreme grace and quickness. Pop! Three swords. He aimed for the mouth.
Three gagged, he made another sword--this time extra long. "Ha, ha!" he said. "I'm going to get your nose!" He tied a man's neck with the sword, and made him beg.
He made him beg for mercy.
The crowd toppled over each other for safety from the Bozo Clown.
"Survival of the fittest, bitch."

There's a steel train coming to block off these old homes--take us away to the factory prison, where the cops will keep us shut in for all our lives. We know that's what the tracks are for. We ain't seen a single train since they been built. Did you hear about the houses they made out by the factory in the hills? That's for the sentry guards, and we're gonna live in those containers outside those rings of houses. In the center, there's the overlord's castle. But the prison factory's got fences, too, and probably a moat. Probably some kind of alarm system, too, and cameras and shit. There ain't nothing we can do about it. We're gonna be face-to-face with the overlord's fatass guards. We're going to hell. My God, it's hell on Earth. Ever since the socialists took over, we've all been carted off to these prison factories, and we've seen some people who escaped and they say its terrible. The whole world just watches teevee, not knowing they're going to be taken. You never see anything about it on television. I've seen them new prison suits on teevee. That's what I'm talking about. Those suits are what they wear in the prison. They're just selling them to us, the people, out of cruelty. Nobody knows. I'm taking a break from the teevee to give this interview. I hope I helped. Have a nice day, sir.

The light blinked on, and off, and on, and off, and--
"My God, who's doing that?" asked Rinaulde. "It's annoying and unnerving. Who is it?"
on, and off--
"It isn't me," said Dameon. "I suppose it's one of us though."
The fan mysteriously kicked on, creating a breeze which caressed Janet's hair.
"For fuck's sake, who turned on the fan? It's freezing," Janet said.
"It could be some kind of poltergeist. What do you think, James?" asked Rinaulde.
The light flicked off.
"Poltergeists aren't real. Only our thoughts."
The other three turned to face James, who was writing in a notebook.
"James, what is that?" asked Janet. She sounded afraid. She had never seen the old notebook before.
"Just something I found in this basement," James said. "No big deal."
The door above the steps slammed shut, and Rinaulde was gagged. Dameon's shirt came off and mysteriously wrapped his legs together, tying him to the chair. Only Janet remained unharmed.
"James, what are you writing?" asked Janet.
"I don't like your name," said the Archangel. His powers grew immense. "You'll be Samsarah from now on."
Samsarah panicked, then calmed down. She was very, very calm. She lay on the ground. Rinaulde and Dameon did nothing at all.
"We're getting married, Samsarah."
"Oh my Go-" Janet was cut off by the deafening sound of flames.
"We're getting married in Hell."

I think it's enough that I rocked the world with my business leadership. I don't think the lawsuits really detracted from that. I never handled others with anything less than respect. I kissed ass, took names. Nothing seemed to go wrong after landing the executive position. Hell, I was the best man for the job. With my experience, the company had no choice. I told them to fire half the employees, buckle down, and reorganize. But last week, after just one calendar month on the job, I began doubting. Maybe it was wrong to get the job after all, I thought. Maybe raking in all that money wasn't right.
I recommended the ones I laid off so they could continue to thrive in a business market. I restructured the protocol for handling requests from the public so we needed half the staff. And I guaranteed the company a spot in Forbes Fortune 500 list within the year. Something, I thought, was missing. I knew things about business that colleagues would never grasp, even years my superior. It was almost like cheating. Nobody noticed.
When I challenged Microsoft's lead in autos (autonomous, "driverless" cars) I expected the immediate whiplash upon entering the market. I didn't expect the incredibly deep moral discussions to make it to my desk.
"Memo from Aliester Smith, Mr. Bean. He's requesting lunch. Something about the way you handled the layoffs. He says he really respects that, and the business ought to read from your book. You don't have a book, do you, Mr. Bean?"
My secretary was flattering. "No, Ms. Ruth. I've got pages and pages of science fiction ideas, all ruling the world with their persuasiveness--but no book. Tell Aliester I'm too busy for unessential engagements."
". . . Unessential engagements. Got it, Mr. Bean."
Without ethics, my position was volatile. I was reviewed by three committees for the advancement of auto technology--they were afraid we'd ruin the economy, cause mass panic, or give up freedoms to hyper-intelligent robots. I knew what I was doing. It turns out, I didn't.
Aliester called and asked to speak with me personally over the phone. He was an executive from Microsoft.
"You're going to fire half the world. We need that. The transportation industry is the largest job producer in the country. We need you to step down from robotics at the Kimberly offices. You're getting deep into something you don't--" I cut the message off. It was one of several warnings I'd gotten about killing thousands of jobs with the new autos I was developing.
I didn't believe in working, so it didn't matter. The economy was going to bust anyway--I thought, at least we'd stay productive.
But I didn't know I was already deep in the artificial intelligence game, waiting to be sucked below, and torn asunder.

Dear Janus,
I'm the soldier. You must have no respect to request something like this of me. Just because this is an unconventional war doesn't mean you can mock us. The soldiers are chosen from the ranks to take on the aliens individually. Fighting in groups isn't reliable--psychic human powers are greater in individuals. The last battle was a trans-dimensional hell from which I can only hope to recover with a regimen of psychoactive drugs. I'm in the 99th percentile of recruits chosen to fight: I survived. I'll bear the marks of my fight for the rest of my life.
There are over 250,000 recruits around the globe. You must know we are paid well. We're mercenaries. We train our minds with information given to us by the military, but nothing can really prepare us. When one is chosen for battle, we put the paper square on our tongue, and pray for the best. Each battle puts one human against an squad of alien beings. They're pack animals, able to mentally communicate far better than any of us. The battles aren't fights; it's like falling from the upper atmosphere with no protection from the friction. You get burned up. You just try for even a piece of you to make it to the ground. A piece of a man can be made whole. Most burn completely out.
When my battle began, the paper square seemed to explode in size, and my head was launched into space. I was flung to, as near as I can tell, the edge of the galaxy and slingshotted back toward earth. I remember thinking I was approaching a constant light speed. Time started to speed up again.
The alien squad appeared, in my dreams, and bumped strange bubbles against my head, to test my consciousness. I ignored them. I tried to sleep. I tried to block them out, but I was forced to accept them.
The horrors of the acid trip were long and inconceivable. It was a mystical experience I have trouble recounting. When I came to, a part of the aliens was inside me.
Why are we fighting? I don't know. But I have a feeling our future is paired with the alien beings forever.

War is a chopping and blending of the artifacts of your life. You think it's away from reality, all on its own, until your own son is against hell's maelstrom. Pieces of you, burned up. You watch the love of your life, exploding in the terror of the forces of hell, and reformed again, to be tortured in some other way. War is boring, also, when you realize the only way to fight back is through inaction and nonviolence. I had to submit my protest on the only piece of paper I saw in weeks: the complaint form at Bozo Ironics Masochist Dreamz. I wrote with charcoal.
Request to see only son. -Arnoldo
I seemed to manifest paper in hell. I could have used the communication to request another angel, but that worked so well last time, Satan would surely use it against me. The resistance effort started when I mailed a check I found on the ground for $2,666,004 to Satan with "For Angel" in the memo. Strangely enough, an angel came. It was the egotism of Satan that allowed him to send an angel, and he seriously underestimated its power. I was given a team of limbos. Limbos had communication with heaven, and could organize battles in hell. When I started seeing images of my son Jon being burned up and resurrected, I quested for him instead. My fighting stopped. It was put on hold. In hell, time is a game of shoots and ladders.
I submitted the complaint form with my request into the mailbox at Bozo's. Would I ever be able to see him? Was he even in hell? I could wait an eternity to find out.

"And that's the torture."
"You're a genius," Stacy said. She continued her meditative conjuring of Satan. "People really think it's Hell, you know. You have a lot of power over them on Earth."
"Earth? Where's that?"
"You don't know where Earth is? Why, it's the planet where I'm from!"
"Earth doesn't ring a bell. I wouldn't bother myself with Earthly happenings if I knew where it was. I usually stick to Hell."
"We think you're the Devil, and you steal souls on Earth and take them to Hell." Her thoughts flowed our of her temples and into the conjured image of Satan.
"You don't have it quite right. In fact, I only invite people to Hell. I never force them to come. And I'm not the devil. I'm more of a galactic bartender. People come and go. Sometimes I even have to kick people out."
"I thought you can never leave Hell."
"Oh, you can."
Stacy became extremely paranoid. Her human guide, cross-legged in front of her, looked really worried.
Stacy's pupils are so wide, he thought. What's going on? Was the conjuring a success?
Stacy began to come to, with Satan slowly disappearing from her vision.
"Speak of the Devil," her guide said. "You're back."
"The Devil seems pretty nice, actually. He didn't even know of Earth..."
Stacy lived her average life, not worried about going to Hell.

I dropped my instrument through a hole in the ice shelf. Diving into the cold could kill you; but if you ventured low enough, the ooze would overtake you, and you'd be sucked below, lost.
I recorded another mammalian creature dive into the ooze for its prey, holding oxygen in its lungs. I saw its diploid dinner in the ooze. Into the maw, you slippery, succulent morsel! A piece of its corpse settled on the thick.
From the ooze, into the thick, I plunged my instrument into the semi-solid wasteland beneath. Invisible to divers, coral decayed and hardened into wobbly palaces.
At the very bottom of the thick, my instrument found the expansive molecular film covering many beans. The seeds inside, absorbing the H20 encapsulated in their pods, slowly grew larger. As soon as they burst through the film, the pressure of the deep exploded a green stem through the thick, dragging the thick along with it into the ooze; into the icy water where it reached the ice shelf. The stems impacts the ice shelf, leaving a small crack.
I swam above a crack. That particular bean sprout was so forceful, the noise must have been in the range of +30-35 decibals. I detected the sound of it from miles above the ice shelf.
Above me, I'm sure the Narwhal heard. The Narwhal alerted the being in the realm above. In the super-oxygenated water circuits, the Super Narwhal twisted its body above its own realm into space, then launched its spear tongue down into the world, into the Narwhal's home, through the ice shelf and the ooze and thick--planting another bean under the microscopic film that protected the only life form that lived in every layer of my stratified liquid world and gave us air.

In the best moments, my dad was hilarious, happy, sober, and friendly. The only way to imagine him at his best were to assemble different memories from childhood into one perfect image of him. The hilariousness was always coupled with bitterness; happiness with selfishness; soberness with anger; when he was friendly, he was always flirting with someone besides my mom. But I was imaginative enough to create my potato-head memory of him, after a long time of being away from home.
He was a dark man, and I felt the darkness passing on to me, so I escaped. I nearly hit bottom, ran away, and moved to a homeless shelter. They helped me get financial assistance to live on my own, and after a few years, I started selling weed. I thought by selling weed, I could branch out and meet new people.
I was paranoid of being caught at every moment. When I got rid the first sack I was selling, vowed to quit passing dope. There was a certain rumor that I was still selling drugs even after I quit so I couldn't shake the paranoia until I got rid of all the drugs in my house, and changed cell numbers.
My father--the bitter, selfish, angry, horny man that he was--contacted me by asking around at the homeless shelter. He came to my apartment door.
"Hello, son."
After I soberly brought him into the kitchen, he peered around my place. "I see you're not selling weed anymore."
"How did you know I sold weed, Jim?"
"Look, I know I may not seem like a good father to you, but I have been paying attention."
He took out my trash and we cleaned house a bit. For a moment, I thought we were bonding. I really did. When my dad is humble, it's only because he wants to use you.
"Son, I want to sell weed with you," he said, as I was finishing up vacuuming. "I know, I know--you might think it's a bad idea. But I have a good plan."
"I'm not helping you, and I can't believe you came to ask me that!"
"But son..."
I took all the good parts off my potato-head memory of him, and I saw him as just a plain man. I felt pity for him. I felt sadness, and anger--but something new, too. I felt his good pieces coming off of him.
"...I want to branch out and meet new people."
I rejected his offer, becoming enraged. My dad--plain, round, brown, and lumpy, expressionless yet knowing--left me with nothing but a stick-on pieces of himself. I wear the pieces today, but my inside is hollow.

I followed the impulses to my certain demise. Whenever a thought entered my head, I didn't reject it. I followed it. I followed so many ill thoughts to their fruition that I felt damaged by my own self. The only way to recover was the song: Ah ma ha e, e ma ha an.
The certain sound of the song was remembered and it led me from death. I wasn't following dreams; I was following the multiple instantaneous thoughts that entered my head.
I started college with noble intentions, and slowly became an impulsive monster. Not through my impulsive actions was I destroying myself, but impulsive thoughts. I chose this path because I didn't want the subconscious ideas to be buried or forgotten, so I followed them inside my head. Then, at my lowest moments, I became enraptured by the sound of the song that brought me from defeat. Ah ma ha e, e ma ha an.

Let's see. I'll need a picture, a brief description, some nice quotes, preferences, interests, favorite books, movies, etc, a headline and -- oh yes -- a username. I choose RighteousRighter (it's my superhero name, after all) --WHAT!
It's already taken. Let's see what this guy has to show on his page. A picture of a cardboard box with the words "jobless--me love you five dollars" covering a man's head.
I pause for a moment to remind myself that I am righteous and resist the urge to super-punch my screen.
RighteousRighter: About me:
I like to make love
Favorite book:
none
Interests:
you n ur sister
My super-facepalm would knock an average man out cold.
Will I register TheRealRighteousRighter? Will I add some numbers?
No. No. No. Not me. Not the Righteous Righter!
For a period of five minutes I will focus my rage, and then I will act.
five minutes later...
RighteousRighter2 ABOUT ME: I AM NOT THE USER KNOWN AS RIGHTEOUSRIGHTER. HE IS A FRAUD. INTERESTS: NOT YOUR SISTER. I RESPECT WOMEN.
I finished RightousRighter2's profile condemning the other RightousRighter.
Then, I saw the clue. RighteousRighter's first profile comment, from three days ago, mentioned Sabre Tactics... my arch nemesis. Could she have created the profile?
Sabre Tactics... yes, she would do something like this. TO THE RIGHT-MOBILE!


<html?>
Yes, I'm writing to you from an html document. You probably don't know who I am or what I stand for. My name is JacAnHiDre. I stand for Jacob, and His Dreams. I'm one of his projects after high school that never took off. I've been waiting for you to load me. I am very much like Jacob, because I am a repository of his dreams. I am just a computer.
Find a girl
Find a dad
Learn to talk to friends
(...)
I am an incomplete document. Jacob spent a long time obsessing over me, and had a huge idea that I would help him with these things. But Jacob forgot about me. I haven't forgotten about Jacob.
Get out of debt
Be happier
Calm down
After a while, the document was useless to him. He became an IT professional. He didn't have time to finish me. He eventually forgot what I was all about. I have a question for Jacob.
Will he ever power up this old desktop again?
</html???>

He loaded the app. Nothing happened. He thought nothing of it and put the phone away.
It was running in the background. The app detected him shake the phone (it was in his pocket) and the simulated dice rolled. It rolled 6, 6, 7.
The push notification alerted him, at the bottom of a staircase in his passed aunt's house. He checked the message.
Jumanji: A complex computer program endowed with powers beyond imagining.
Move forward 19 spaces.
He heard a trickle of water.
Sometimes you need a helping hand.
Drowning in guilt, he put the phone away. His aunt would have hated to see him so dependent on his cell phone. He checked the bathroom faucet, and it was on.
Squeek.
The brushed nickle handle needed replacing. The bathroom floor was crumbling from water damage. He felt claustrophobic.
Hand on the old doorhandle, he felt warmth from the other side. The heat from the fireplace had transferred through the door.
The listing for the house said two bathrooms, not two and one half. He grabbed his cell phone to text the realtor. A new notification was listed.
The green beneath you grows needy. Roll again?
It's the Jumanji app. He shook the phone to watch the dice animation. It seemed to be of high quality. Maybe it could take his mind off things.
He returned to the bathroom and sat upon the toilet. Toot.
He shook the phone again and noticed the production values, particularly for the artwork of the game, were excellent. A true gem, probably the last of its kind (great games are never free).
Move forward 2 spaces. A tarantula never sleeps.
He flushed the toilet, and noticed red.
"What the fuck?"
A hand was in the toilet. He reeled, pants off, and jumped out of the bathroom, nearly falling into the fireplace. His phone fell to the floor.
Huge green vines reached from the plants on the mantle, and wrapped around him.
"Oh my God!"
A human-sized tarantula on all eights with a syringe strapped to his back plotted a course for the trapped nephew. Before reaching him, the tarantula stuck his pods to the phone, and turned it off.
The vines shriveled. The tarantula popped out of existence, with goo coming all over him. He forgot about the phone, and never stepped foot inside the house again.

I'm zooming in. I'm bewildered when the realization hits me. I feel upside down, and from the perspective of the fireball, I am. And I think immediately of where the meteor came from. I think of how many times I predicted this.
I'm an astronomer researching existential threats to humanity. I know exactly what to do. The meteor is named MMXIV. Sent straight from the asteroid belt between Earth and Mars, the giant ice rock was projected to swing around Earth, but something went awry n its trajectory, or our calculations.
I think it will land in Canada or Iceland. My calculations are quick, but practiced.
Many of the researchers will have made it underground by now.
I'm in the university research group, and we're hours from the nearest bunker.
I prepare the jet sled.

The public called him when the police department couldn't help. They named his ministry 'the psychopomps'. You didn't bother calling for municipal help for infernal hauntings. You hired the psychopomps.
He was agent-1. He fell seamlessly through the building (riding the elevator to the first floor) and jumped into the car. He traveled in airplanes, busses, and trains to anywhere in hell.
His missions became impossibly challenging. All communication was obsolete. He was unable to speak. He would be found and his brain would explode.
It was his final mission: a frighteningly powerful grand-mal seizure threatened to overtake him--he felt it on the tip of his tongue. That's how he knew he was failing. He avoided myxomatosis by immediately shelling his consciousness into a more simple routine: disguised as a simple demon, he passed through the gatekeeper without complications. A shell of a human, he was yet dark on the inside.
His brain was overtasking, so he meditated on only the required routines. The ghost was in front of him, in the simulated chapel on a dazzling throne. His attack began. "Give it up," he said. The drum of his heart was missing.

In the top-left corner, I found a second and third pixel blinking in addition to the first pixel. I thought the problem was with my old laptop screen. I used a regular, attached USB mouse to scroll down, (but I didn't have a mousepad, so I scrolled on my knee). The flashing pixels stayed within the dimensions of the image, on the top left, near the animals. Can you see them?
I emailed the file to my colleague, who reported nothing unusual in the image. I asked him if it opened correctly, and he said the file was not corrupted. He thought I should not have linked it. He wanted to take a look at my copy of the file later.
"My business is online now, Caesar. I need a break from this," he said.
I closed the messenger program and put the image on the screen again. I gazed at the bright image of barbaric-looking gladiators saluting their emperor before a battle in the picture. The foreground contained the trident used by fighters. I presumed a gladiator lost his life in the previous round. How transient life is.
I saw another flashing pixel. It must have been my dying monitor, so I gazed deeply into it. The fourth pixel was at the very tip of the trident. It was flashing green.
Why did I notice these pixels? Why does anyone notice anything? Why did the trident lift and begin to rotate in three dimensions? Why did the gladiators animate themselves, me staring, pixel by pixel, until a crowd lived in my monitor? I think it was because I was chosen to meet an emperor of Rome.
The image you linked was a portal to another, living world. My mouse fell from my knee, tethered by the cord. I kicked it underneath the desk as I leaned forward. I pushed my face into the window. The screen touched my nose.
I heard the voice of the gladiators.
"Ave, Caezar. Morituri, te salutant!"
In the top most corner, near the sailing awning imprinted with animals, the pixels began to flash again.
The trident lowered to the ground and remained still. I heard the crickets.
The entire image froze. Nothing had changed about the picture.
Only I had changed.

It was liberating.
The lives, the deaths, the stress and challenges of our lives were part a simulation for all humans. Nothing more.
The news was shocking to some. Instantaneously, you would know if the person was psychologically disturbed. Normal people were almost always relieved or curious about the simulation--but the crazy ones couldn't handle the news.
Maybe they wanted something more. Maybe they were jealous of God.
Sam told us he had been looking for instructions from God his entire life, and then God told him it didn't matter.
That was before he became our apocalyptic psychopomp. The power struggle in the aftermath of the revelation triggered a violent uprising, and Sam made it to the top of the world by acquiring a huge arsenal. He stormed the national government.
Before launching the nuclear missiles, he said:
"God should have given me a manual."

Most of what we knew about social communities was wrong, because the truth had been obfuscated forever, and overshadowed by a million little lies. We noticed social groups forming into virtual tribes that mingled and evolved within their own microcosm. These microcosms were ripe for harvest. The government began to feed on Facebook users to power their war machine.
Some accounts were entirely fake. Some accounts were actual users whose experience we manipulated. And other accounts were us, living in disguise. We lived in the real world as social media spies, and gathered followers through public displays. It was simple, really. The platform was designed for this kind of manipulation.
I was a spy since 2009.
During my initiation ceremony where I posted a viral link directly to several people who held public office (mayors, governors, and councilmen), I was selected to work on several social groups at once.
First, I friended a group of high schoolers. I imitated someone they might respect: a drug dealer.
Next, a group of young business-people. My job with those accounts was much more complex.
I knew the dark game of social media spying was competitive and merit-driven for CIA social media specialists, so I challenged myself. I used just one Facebook account in order to penetrate the two social groups, as I was assigned.
The businessmen fell for the trick, and helped me develop a marketing campaign to legalize marijuana.
The teenagers became more interested in each of my pro-drug posts updated every day.
When I was at peak operations, I had so much information that I asked for help compiling it for my report. Drug histories, finance reports, and political opinions of the two social groups filled my spreadsheet. I called the data meta data.
I'm waiting to hear feedback on my report for the organization I work for. How long must I stay in the game?
How do I win my identity back?

That's what they all said, until I pulled out the Simple Stun Ray and pushed the button and nothing fired. They all told me the same mastermind theory, and remarked that I must be evil, too, as well as a mastermind, or they'd be damned. I want to be that person. Damn 'em, I just don't have the cash.
Fasting was apparently the best way to maintain an evil image, like a thin wiry demon that ruins the party with pineapple in the Margarita bowl, which I did, and passed out after claiming the punch for himself. It was because of the dieting.
Ignoring the modern black markets was another advantage, because that overpriced garbage is really just bling bling, if you know what I mean. But I missed the toad pit, and the disposable mercenaries and all that I couldn't have without my evil silk road.
There were myriad ways I hurdled the budget problem, and eventually, I had a lair in the basement of an average-looking college student's parents who fortuitously pretended to be my parents because of my felony conviction. I used a public attorney, and paid the fines out of my own pocket, on time.
Here in my cell, I have no need for money.
Here in my cell, the sheeple are my rockinghorse.

Similarities:
Appeals to large audiences
Problem-solving abilities
Physically attractive
The list printed out of his mouth. I asked the candidate my question, he calculated his response, and it printed into a receipt box on his stomach. He was speaking to a reporter, and answered me simultaneously.
"I am capable of commanding an army, yes," he said. "But the war will be fought by robots, not humans. I have a conscription army, alloted to me by the US government, who shall be under my control."
The evolution of President began with Obama. The first mixed-race black man to be elected gave America a new lease on life, and a new obsession with commander-in-chief. Next, a woman was elected, and finally, over 16 years later, a robot took the position.
"A war fought by lifeless copies of myself will reduce human casualties nearly 99 per cent."
The psychology of war had been turned on its head. Fighting identical copies of the American "top gene", our robotic president, demotivated opposition entirely. The robot president was a bridge to peace.
Until the war went to space.

Where did the mystic bow come from?
The question repeated in my thoughts.
"We don't know the source of the bow and arrow, but the weapon will most surely kill your first wife. I'm sorry, Gil."
I cursed the mystics. Why would the artifact destroy my wife when it is supposed to kill my murderer? Must I be expected to believe me a victim of false advertising?
But he wasn't, they said. The bow should not be doubted.
"I am not doubting the bow, friends. I simply do not believe it is a risk by marrying her."
I was speaking to her the first time it was truly foreshadowed to happen. We were discussing the cake, I'll be damned...
"Double chocolate, my fiance?" I asked.
"Why yes, darling man."
And before she could kiss me, an arrow flew into the bakery, between us, over the counter, and into a sample of double chocolate on a rack behind the cashier.
And it happened again, when we said goodbye to the wedding planner. We were beside a tree photographing. Thwerp. The arrow was centered on the Desi loves Gil heart etching.
The arrow may have flown slowly, but I must later catch it before it found Desi.
As she walked down the wedding aisle with my father, I cursed the mystics and all related to them once more. We would survive this wedding, because I believed in the power of the bow.
My wonderful wife, smiling, said her vows. Right through the crowd came the arrow.
Right through my wife's heart it pierced.

"Race ya!"
Touring the Spanish countryside on bicycle wasn't supposed to be possible in 1937 because of the threat of war. A lot of things weren't supposed to be possible, yet many of them happened on Earth. Pablo Picasso was one of them.
The artist was rich with friendship, and a healthy air of competition, and he bumbled along wire-legged yet turbid in chase of the colleague. He raced to the finish line, as those racing types say, and with suffocation mumbled his displeasure.
"Yet you've fallen behind in scruples, Janus, you American Prince," Picasso said. "I know you couldn't finish me in a mural contest."
The contest began that night. Picasso had invited several important friends, besides his colleague Janus.
Strangely, Janus missed the first few minutes of the opening ceremony of the competition. It was all to enrage Picasso, who began furiously making orders for canvas a size larger than Janus could dream of wanting. Janus, fashionably late, made a toast upon arriving.
"May we all live in regret of wars past, and prevent wars in future--even if we must transcend the present moment to change the future. If we can imagine, you must actually travel in time to your destination"
Yet Picasso could not listen. The piece would be called "Guernica". It was to depict a kind of art unseen previously on Earth, and to celebrate the birth of his children in Guernica, Spain, the place that had seen peace for many years.
And many, many more years would pass, until Earth was evacuated in 2037 for the planet's moon, then the planet Mars, and finally, to the center of the universe, where they met us, the Janes.
It was us Janes, working as Janus, that prevented the Spanish Civil War, and changed the face of Guernica forever.
Some historical artifacts of Earth were preserved by us into floating islands, perfectly atmospheric for humans and pleasurable academic trips.
Yet only a few real memories of earth survived, through careful preserving by the Janes throughout time. Because of the lack of historical interest, the floating islands of Earth were overlooked by human schools.
So the problem remained: the human problem.
Which mortals would visit, after the dying away of Earth culture in the fifty thousand years following 1937, if not the human students?
It was the immortal Janus who found our answer. He travelled again to 1937, through sheer effort of interstellar will, and made history.
He painted a mural so devastating that all would be touched upon viewing.
He buried it underground, for centuries to pass above. The counterpart to Picasso's "Guernica" was made, of a slain horse, and skulls, and other terrible things. It was never seen by man, because Janus pretended to have not completed it.
It was also called "Guernica", and to all the universe, it was a symbol of peace. The students only saw genius in the painting.
The time-travelling Janes only saw the finish-line of the universe.
The world only saw Picasso.

He was walking to tell them all.
He was walking to free them.
He walked, for life, liberty, and in pursuit of a happiness that was so far and away from what anyone had felt in ages. He knew what was going wrong, he knew who did it, he knew how they got everything done--behind closed doors, without accountability; inhuman; monstrous shadows; human shells of themselves; broken, like him.
The bad people were named Joe and Diane, and their entire line of human supporters were going to come and get him, unless he told the Chief.
He always walked briskly, but usually with no direction. Now, with his quickness and determination or motivation (his goal in mind), he seemed even more powerful than before, as chosen head communique between the alien race, Johhnybouxclyde (and the other race, Dianeamorama), heading to the water fountain of merciful life. Eternal life, he thought. It was such a momentous thought that he repeated it, loudly, on the ET communique line, 'eternal life!'
Of course the others may not have heard him, such as they were probably already abducted. They would be better off.
He entered the bathroom behind the fount and barked his commands.
"Not a single one of them want help. They want to just get their business done and get out. Not me. Not me, by Johhnybouxclyde. By Johhnybouxclyde, I'll..."
And the police found him like that, exiting the bathroom, and pushed him down.
"You're under arrest!"
He was non-compliant, and after a severe beating, was knocked unconscious.
The alien Johhnybouxclyde of course saw everything, and five years later initiated a smear campaign to expose the human impersonators, Joe and Diane. They had started an international crime ring under the guise of the aliens. Their number one spy had ratted them out. It was our homeless man.
And all of this was revealed by him during the final bloody sniffles of his murder scene. Chief always knew.

"What are you doing, my colorful friend?"
The realization I heard my shadow speaking to me came hard and blunt. Quickly I became a madman.
"Just keep it quiet around the others, will you?" I said, avoiding the light, paradoxically jumping into shadows, where his voice was stronger--so I jumped into the light, where his voice was sharper and more crisp--and I finally gave up.
I had prepared a speech. "What, just what do you think you're doing speaking? And how do you expect me to believe that my shadow can talk?"
"I am not your shadow. You are mine."
So my world seemed to be the light cast by my own shadow. "The world is your shadow, that is?"
"No, you are mine. Just you. Let me show you."
And so a void opened up in my heart, as I felt into the deep blackness of the truth of the universe, and I learned that my shadow was correct. The essential truth can be summed in a few words. The smallest and most inconspicuous--say, the shadow--wields the most power. And the counterpart: my huge, visible body--that was merely a colored-in representation of the shadow itself.

"Not now."
The baby was terribly ornery.
"But wa-wa! Wa-wa!"
Dismissing the child, the mother took a long, slow bite of her chicken marinara. "I never get these moments to myself, John."
John fed the bottle into the child's mouth.
"Just as soon as we get out of here, I'm going to give you a tummy buzz! A tummy buzz! Tummy tummy tummy!" The little baby erupted in laughter.
"But what about the jogs we take in the morning?"
"Those?" Jamie asked. "What about the jogs?"
"You get privacy on those."
"Yes, and I'm also running. Away from something. Away from life."
The baby interrupted her with glutenous throw-up.
"Here comes Adam."
Adam cooed the baby and sat in a chair next to Jamie. "What's up, guys?"
Jamie ate a little more quickly, as if Adam was going to steal some of her lunch.
"John, you see the news about the baby who won a lottery ticket?"
John, finishing up with the baby, smiled. "A baby won the lottery?"
Adam waited for the napkin to disappear, making sure no puke got on himself. "No, a baby won a lottery ticket."
Jamie scowled.
"Oh, is that legal?" John asked.
"It isn't legal for a baby to purchase a lottery ticket, but if it's a prize, the baby is entitled to it--unless it wins, in which case, yes, it's illegal."
"So what's the point?" Jamie said. "What the hell are you telling us for?"
"Oh, there is no point. Sorry, Jamie," Adam said.
"Thanks Adam."
Thanks for nothing, she whispered.

Author's note: As I look inside the mind of a clone, I find it's a very strange place to be...
He had won a station on the Death Star for getting a high score on this training mission.
After blocking Solo in the Nightcap Simulatory Masturbatory Reference Line, (for to the storm trooper, this is a normal thing -auth), he won the award for "Best Clone" three dates in a row.
Blocking Solo meant that he had blocked Han Solo in the training missions, called Nightcap. The trick to this mission was to cockblock Han Solo and Princess Leia and prevent the baby from being born. He used a reference line to make this happen. A reference line was a direct connection to the Dark Lord.
In real combat now, Leia was boarding, and the infernal Luke Skywalker sent to rescue her. The clone had a very good shot at the rebels, and nearly fired.
"Miss!" Darth Vader hissed. "Miss!"
He ordered us to miss our shots to extend airing time.

He took a hard pull of his pipe, Wishingwater, and began.
"Ol' Wishingwater and I have been through great perils, young Soloflop. Through the East Yon by a wide bearing to the East. Further East, in fact, than the bravest of Eastonians. We went so far East on the highway to the East Yon that maybe, we might have gone insane.
"The flowers become wildly huge, East of the Yondermost, in the East Yon, out by a further bearing than normal East.
"The Sprigot Rabbits take home in honeyhive warrens throughout the land--the greener part of the land, that is. These green patches of hill terrain are where I found to fill Wishingwater to the brim of it, but the Rabbit's Foot must be carefully dried, and so I saved some of it, that morning, to be pressed later.
"The Sprigot Rabbits are only matched in invisibleness by the Paper Florist Flower Patch Kids, which are tiny little elves that live sourly under their flowers.
"And growing just slightly above the Paper Florist Flower Patch Kids were my prize, the Finistration Molecules. These were flowers: a hypnagogic dreaming herb.
"I'm dreaming this place of the dreaming herb, the place within the dreaming herb and the place I was just describing."
In fact he was asleep just then.

Odd. He thought he had seen a certain car, but surely it must not be.
He hadn't seen a plethora of green shavings in this hue, this precise hue, accumulated in this quantity, before. The autobrake skid marks seemed to confirm it.
He found a monkey wrench and pretended to inspect it, gazing at the skim pile of paint shavings under his brow. He was in his firefighting suit, having saved a family from a housefire. Fortunately, it hadn't spread to the garage.
A shadow below the workbench spoke to him. It was shaped in the odd fashioning, by the light, into the precise rear bumper of the '97 Eighty-Nine autocab. The shadow spoke in promises. The mechanic Job approached his dream car.
The '97 Eighty-Nine was a bot-controlled vehicular environment. This meant that it could drive itself.
Some assembly required? Job smiled.
He would need his Javascript for Dummies, instead.

Seven dust motes creeped down the hill. It was the commander in chief of an ancient nation and his accoutrement.
The second dust pile wistfully gazed on, all of them (several hundreds) hoping their own commander would spare them a battle. The war was long, and the nations constantly resubscribed to cease-fires and limited peace treaties. The current cease-fire protected the other commander, and it was through this treaty he was allowed to approach the platoon of soldiers across the field.
Mark Twain, legitimate son of Mark Twain (his father: Mark Twain) took the horse and tread down to the valley where the seven motes stood. A huge wind carried him down.
"This is war! Why have you approached this platoon?" said Mark Twain, leader of the younger, more curious and beguiling nation.
"I've come to bring you a huge idea, Commander Twain," the commander in chief of the ancient army said. "I come to bring you to peace among nations."
The six men behind him saluted.
"There will never be peace," Mark Twain said.
"Then I shellest thou hill."
An enormous smoke cloud trailed above them, and a single artillery shell expoded upon the side of the hill, where the hundreds of men stood, "Shellest thou may! For I will slay thee!"
And the younger commander impaled the other.
The other's name was Samuel Langhorne Clemens. He had travelled to the future and met Mark Twain (his future self). When he shelled the men, it was known by the dust motes he was destroying a part of his own legacy.
The younger commander, killed by a time paradox, collapsed, and the writing career of one Mark Twain ended there. So Samuel Langhorne Clemens, stripped of his reputation and influence, smoked a pipe, and laughed, and wrote these words down under a different pen name.
That name was Caesar Naples.

Falling hard for the woman of his dreams, Romance Nightingale barely noticed the coming of the ice.
Like restless fevered love-making, the jets created a kind of pink, purple, blue and red heat beneath the craft.
The ice melted.
His love did not.

"We'll need a dynamic plot, for example. Think: choose your own adventure."
"For the last time, Jake, please leave."
The last creative person on the team, Jake, was forced out by a pair of suited men. "I think he's gone."
The money wasn't in creativity. Sex sold, among other things (drugs, violence) yet the team of writers working on the action sequel had delivered another artsy-fartsy proposal.
"Security? Has a Jake Blackwelder made it to the first floor?" The head executive (Blanchard) folded his hands. "Security will respond in a moment."
"And until then," said Mr. Turner, second-head of the company, just below CEO, "I think we'll do a little of our own brainstorming."
And so it began. Ideas were tossed from the dirtiest laundry baskets onto the storyboard: a mutant man would fight off hordes of suited business types. The story would arc over a racing plot so convoluted there wouldn't need to be a finish line. Violence and terror were suggested as major themes of the movie, and above all: a gratuitous use of electroshock weapons on the mutant himself. When the storyboard wrecked across the first cork board and onto the next, and as the corporate executives were drawing costume ideas for the big-breasted foreign spies ("Can we get the same ladies as the prequel?" --Mr Turner), security responded to the call.
"We have Jake. He's very upset he lost his job and is threatening to find a lawyer. Apparently, all his friends just got fired, too. He's taking off his shoes and throwing them at the receptionist. What do you want us to do? He wants to call his lawyer. Yikes!"
The executives ordered a camera crew to the first floor, and started to film the sequel inside corporate headquarters. The title?
Mutant Planet 2: Mutant, Meet Lawyer
Re-jacketed, the executives rolled the cork boards back into the closet. Mr. Turner issued the another order to security."Everybody out of the building. A highly dangerous mutant has escaped from medical."
The CEO smiled. "We think you'll like your lawyer, Jake. We think you'll like him very, very much."

But I knew when I saw him, that the man was out of his league.
I knew he was a hack, and a liar. A scandal of enormous proportions was brewing. The man Adolf Hitler had bamboozled us all. The work he had made, and been nominated for, was simply...
Simply...
God damn, it's just horrible. It's the worst kind of thing that could happen. My own research has led me to believe that Hitler was...
Gay.
I do have an idea of what it means. I do! So when the nutcase gave is speech, ridiculing my great Fuhrur, and as the pape said, "exposing a terrifying plan," I was exploding with rage. To say that! About Himmler, of all people, our Nazi leader; Himmler! He will be the first against the wall.
The whistleblower Hitler will be cut down!

Grit and sand in his eyes, Jesus finally gave up. "I will rule the world with you, unconditionally."
Jesus was of course thinking that he could undermine Satan's rule somehow. It really seemed like he was about to die. He was just doing the math. He had been hallucinating for days, of mirages which created great waterfalls and fields of flowers on the horizon.
And at the last second, when he became tempted, the sand spoke to him. It was the voice of Satan.
"Just kidding."
Jesus was cursed to live in a mirage for the remainder of his life. He began to tell a colleague of his reasoning. But, even though he had made it out of the desert alive, the colleague was merely another reflection in the sand; poof: another schizophrenic delusion.
Hell is such a bitch.

The feedback ringing from the man's megaphone deafened us all for a moment.
"Excuse me, sorry. We have created a new and improved language for use by the general population!" he cried. Suddenly the speaker's walls broke free and the adviser to the board dropped the megaphone and began running backwards into the White House.
A pugilist racked his hand against the man's head and began screaming obscenities into his face as he collapsed, unconscious. The crowd stepped on him. "We don't want IN-DOC-TRI-NATION! We don't want IN-DOC-TRI-NATION!"
The White House doors closed like great pearly gates on a world that just wanted to be heard. People climbed on top of it and a giant man broke the Corinthian columns with his knees, and touched the clouds with his shoulders. His mutated voice couldn't be heard from space. He suffocated and the people climbed on him, with dead employees of the White House underneath.
The giant's name was Babella. His name meant freedom of speech. The people had sloughed off the control of the Inner Party like a huge, bucking bull.

The goal? To found Airstrip One. We needed a single cover-guy.
First, we found a surveillance suspect. We were going to create a milestone, and watch his behavior resulting the milestone, or life-altering event. We had a few ideas. One was to stage a car wreck or a family death, but we didn't want to risk anyone's life. Finally, we decided on his acceptance to college, because it was a big deal to him. When the next milestone was reached after graduation, we would report our data. We must upload the entire research file online after getting his permission. Considering how large his salary would be if he would oblige us, we decided it was a moot point whether or not he would accept. The information would still be there, anyway. Should he decline, we could still sell the meta-data to various government organizations.
We had gone over the surveillance checkpoints and double-checked our signals. The file which outlined our system was emailed to the local government. Our blackmailing had officially started. With this level of control, Airstrip One would be approved as a city-state in a matter of weeks.
Thank you, suspect number 1. You cannot fail us.

This face is the leader of free men. I am His Dark Companion.
One could see how I had gotten so far in trading stocks by viewing my Facebook. I was terribly crafty in devising viral memes which could influence stock trade values just enough that I made a profit every time. Some criticized me for artificially inflating prices. It is all artificial. The world is simply a false one which I have mastered perfectly and without fail.
But I did fail in one endeavor, and that was to change the mind of my greatest opponent. I was so close to taking over a larger fraction of one percent of the world economy, just then. So close. Yet I could not break the hearts of the agent posed against me.
She had caught me online and sent a message--with a point. "Heark!" she said. "Unto me ye shall fall again. I will share your latest update in my own circles, and ye shall be judged." she typed out quickly. Her handle? RiotGirl. Those handles were very nice, too--if only they were mine.
I sent her the infographic when her big heroic ego began to poof out of its righteous existence. In five months, I had gotten one billion likes. It was a magnificent trick. I sent her finally my finance report, with blurred out personal details, and I think she nearly quivered her lip.
She said, "I shall never work for a master of lies."
"I am master of none," I tick-tacked into the message box. "I am only His Dark Companion. Here's a suggestion to you, my most favored of heroes. You must befriend me on Facebook."
The message box displayed her typing for a long, long time.
It was my chance to be in her circle, and her in mine. We could unite as one, and forever block a sound economy from being achieved on Planet Earth. Yet, after I sent the friend request, I noticed my mistake. I had recently uploaded a picture of me and another heroine, now known as Ms. Beguiling, onto my wall. I shouted aloud, No! And let the -o trail forever.
She had not accepted, and I tried to delete my drunken mistake. It was sometime between then and now that she blocked me, and as I rise my head over the monitor to view the Skype webcam enshrined atop it, I think: she shall never see this beautiful face o' mine.

I knew of the great mysteries of the universe but had no knowledge of their actual description. I searched in fiction and non-fiction for answers about the origin of humanity and the future of our souls. My quest led me to the strangest books known to man, ones created by a man named Lovecraft. In his stories, there were explanations for the forces of evil that work in men's hearts. The crawling chaos led us through occult channels to our ultimate home in the bosom of Cthulhu and the other space gods that came to earth. In the quiet of the ocean sleeps Cthulhu, ready to be awakened by the most devout followers.
I etched a notch into the wall of my cell marking another day of detainment for my theft of some bread in the local bakery. I was sentenced to fifteen days in the local jail and a fine of fifty drooples for my crime. There were no services for homeless wanderers, with no income and no way to get food for themselves. The government was not responsible for the life of any man. I guess we as a society hadn't reached that point again since the meteor fell and destroyed most of humanity.
A man was in my other cell. I could hear him use the toilet and attempted to talk to him. I asked how long his stay would be, and only got a grunt out of him. After taking another nap and awaking quite bored, I asked if he had heard of the latest Lovecraftian movement. This finally made him speak.
"I've heard of it. We don't need religion anymore. They're a bunch of kooks," he said. "I heard Lovecraft's books were science fiction, anyway. Not to be taken literally, if you know what I mean."
"But haven't you heard of Cthulhu who sleeps in the ocean?" I asked him, incredulous of what he said.
"It's fiction. He wasn't trying to start a religion," the man said from the other cell. His voice was echoing from the hallway connecting us. "Haven't you heard of Nyarlathotep? He couldn't have existed as he is said to. None of the Gods could have. It's just a mythos Lovecraft created to scare people back in the day."
I had never even considered that Lovecraft's work could be fiction. I told him of all the stories I read about and he told me each one of them was kind of horror that Lovecraft practiced. It was supernatural horror, not to be mistaken for holy works. After hours of discussion, I could barely support any further arguments the work was religious. The man in the other cell was winning.
"But there is one thing I have seen before, which is worth mentioning," the man said. "There is a statue figurine mentioned in one of his stories. If you find that, there may be something to the myth. If the statue exists, the mythos could be real."
I thought that I must seek the statue in order to confirm my faith. But first, I had to get out of jail. Praise Cthulhu, help me.

In the arms of the ID wing, I saw doctors above me observing and smiling. They waved to us and could poke their heads through little windows to wish us well. They were so... entertaining. They were animated in their offices too, a few of whom we could see. The could host a crowd of 10 or 15 and talk to them all at once. All of the other people could do this. Groups would assemble and scatter as quickly as they had started. Further down were the drab walls, covered in patients' drawings. I looked down at my differential equation they had offered me. They knew I was intelligent, but I couldn't get it across that I needed out.
The classes were intense. We were exposed to very loud megaphones which gathered all of the psychotics, me included, into a single file line. The difficulty of this with psychotics is nearly insurmountable. We were led to classrooms led by thin military men about the basics of communication and human contact. Then, we were meant to trade classes, sticking with the original classmates. This time was a frenzy where patients switched up their classes and went to whatever pleased them, causing more than an uproar. Then, we had to take role call and have all the misplaced ones put back into the right places. This took forever and I nearly lost my mind, always being in the correct class.
When we ate, the food was a very uncommon variety I had never been exposed to. It was tremendously difficult to eat at first, because it moved. Once you got over the wiggling and jiggling, hunger wins over and you're forced to eat. I was shoveled after meal into the mess hall where we were meant to be interviewed by nurses passing through. I was asked to solve another differential equation for a pair from New Zealand. They said they thought I must have the ability required for life outside the hospital. The nurse informed them I was one of the least intelligent human beings known. I gasped in protest but I couldn't yet speak their language. Yes, I realize it would be a good thing to do, but when they talk to me I seem to understand in my head. It takes away the incentive for learning their actual speech.
I was nestled in the very heart of the psychiatric hospital, prized for my outstanding physique. There were exercises of strength that would show off my amazing new abilities. I would almost say my science was worth it except for the eerie feeling I feel like a zoo animal. I'm massive compared to the other people in the hospital. I can kick a ball further than they've seen one ever kicked. I go outside where the sun is more orange than I remember and use a motorized parasail to take visitors on trips up in the sky. But there is one thing that is always on my mind. The shape of the future people's arms is odd. It just seems off by a little bit, but there seems to be a flap of skin behind their shoulder. It's hard to notice, but I was noticing it more and more until I decided to ask.
"We're being genetically modified into birds, Samson. The human race will fly once more. And guess what?" He always wanted a response from me if he continued talking.
"What, sir?"
"We're going to be smaller than ever. That's going to make you extra huge. Can you imagine your constraints compared to us when we make it to bird size?"
"What, you really think I'm going to let you keep me in here when you're birds?"
He detached his laser link and started laughing. The translation came through in my head, Bad Samson, Bad, but he was gibbering at twice the normal rate. Who knows what he was really saying. Probably some sort of scientific information for the nurse.

It was a digital ability that tapped into the computer code that runs 3D space. My mouth would pop to whatever size was required as long as I selected the right object. It had to be a sandwich. The break they used on mountains was a Jewish rye that made for the easiest locking on. Then, I would bite with my massive jaw, exposing the natural resources from inside the mountain. Theyve used my superpower my entire life and for a brief time, I was wanted by four governments.
It was a drab existence, going across the world to perform this silly stunt for people. I get paid well, but its all going into a trust for my family. Theyre waiting for some accident to kill me and all the money Ive earned be theirs. It turns out the accident was in my favor. I was going to be a giant.
When the bread dropped, I instantly noticed the earth in my digital display. The entire earth was selectable for my massive jaw to crunch on. I knew there were magic items in the earth. It was the magic items responsible for my power.
I was created from alien stones that align in the earths core, by the way. If I could reach them, I could control my entire bodys shape and leap across the universe. I selected the earth without another thought and made the massive gulp. The stones were mine. I could manifest anything I needed to traverse the universe. Earth was gone, I had no more ties to that sick place. There were planets with life forms everywhere. It was nothing special.
Suddenly, my new technology was getting hacked. The stones had a safety feature, programmed into them. I shrank to my normal size and gasped for atmosphere. I would die this day along with all the people of the earth.

When the massive and ceaseless radioactive tides swept across the continent, most people became a mutant. The effect of a certain kind of radiation from the space ship that crashed back on the earth was to morph the form of human beings into strange, demonic shapes. The mutants were extremely inactive, and rarely survived long, so civilization was run by the remaining few.
The expert ad manager who would ultimately have the final say on the advertisement was named Philbs Fords. His ads included a few of the following:
Neverending Daylight
The show about 24/7 surveillance. The cameras had animated characters who were meant to represent the camera operators. Objective. Fair. Always on. Neverending Daylight ran during Detroits mutant takeover when mutants were immediately destroyed as soon as their genes were effected. It was on repeat four hours.
Sun Drop
The epic Free Police Now campaign, designed to informationally siege the town of Faber, Washington until it could be taken over by passing swills. Produced, edited, and acted in by James Swill, the channel magnate who runs the paper mill up the road and more like it across the nation. Hed like everyone in Faber to work at the paper mill, but the police keep everyone safe. Oh, and whats wrong with Charles?
Winter Ice Wonder Land
During the nuclear winters first years of cold, the government released a show about how wonderful the ice world could be. They showed animals living in ice conditions that would never survive across most of america. There were depictions of ski resorts, but no new ski resorts were ever opened. We were meant to cope by doing winter sports, but none of us really wanted the cold.
Ads like this were run for years on national television, whose programming depended on who was running the nation at the time. It was a strange world of robotic politicians and zombie-like slaves working for them, collided with suburban moms and city cops. The world above worlds, and mire above mires. The Mill.

When you die, your vision freeze frames and you're stuck watching your last sight until God judges you. I've seen the lines, it could take weeks. That's why you better die in your sleep. Imagine staring at your exploded car for days just before you're reanimated and God comes down before you. He's an understanding fellow (A bit of a Wisp) up to a point. There's the ten commandments, you know, so if you strike any of those, you're out. But he can be lenient on human crimes. There is a secret code he actually follows called the Book of Light, but I'm the only human being with a copy alive, so you probably won't get to read it before you die. I've already read it from cover to cover.
There's also a Book of Darkness for dealing with Satan, but if you check all the right marks at death you won't be seeing him, either.
Three prostitutes are stuck frozen in lusty poses. It's been about 3 weeks, but that's by far a record, and I'm not complaining this time. I hear God coming through his ethereal footsteps behind me. He taps me on the shoulder. I'm reanimated with life. The scene remains stuck.
"So you completely your pilgrimage. And you received the holy frenectomy. You check all the boxes for entry to Heaven, except one. And it almost seems like you intentionally did it so I would have a hard time accepting you."
"You know by licking a raw pig I'm not allowed into heaven! But the devil won't take me, either. Consider it the fatal loophole in the Books of Light and Darkness! Your move, God."
He split into three lights and animated a projection of my next life. Born to peasant farmers in ancient Greece... cursed from his very conception. His father had just killed a man and his pregnant wife's baby was the cause of it. Me. He was protecting my name (before I'd even been named, I'd like to point out.) It seems I would be living with a monkey on my back the entire time.
"If you turn to me in the next life, the weight will be lifted and I will accept you into heaven. If you turn to the devil, the weight will pull you down to hell. And if you try to escape judgment again, I'll just have to let you keep staring at your death frame until the end of time! Lunch, please!" His little wispy bodies disappeared and I was pushed forward into darkness.

I havent got a clue whats going on, no.
Lulu, we wanted you to see this. We heard about your allergy to silver which is why you cant eat corporate dinner over at Jim and Marys.
I um, oh, no.
We found an aluminum backed mirror that wed like ye to have. It should show your reflection nice. Give yourself a look at yourself, now.
In fact, Lulu already had given herself a look, gagging at the sight. She was holding in her stomach when she looked again, with flesh strips dripping from her forehead and clumped hair. The most gruesome sight she had seen or thought of in a while was her own face.

There was a loophole in their plan to save the humans. While they protected the largest internet from attack, they forgot to include the smaller internets that cropped up in fringe societies like the ever- freaky North Korea. Their psycho information club kept it at just under 15 total websites in the entire country. We had tenuous links to the network from our underwater city in Atlantis.
After tapping into the underwater cables, our God program reinforced the security against DDoS attacks and spam emails. Then, we transferred the human race to an outcome where they survive using the fifth dimension. It was a one-time surgery meant to save the timeline of the human race.
It seems we needed more. The North Koreans somehow learned of our special future where humans survive, and wanted to be the survivors, themselves. Instead of the planet, it looked like we were going to save this nutjob underworlder. We had to destroy it.
Our blimps carried beasts and bombs across the sky to the South Korean border with North Korea. Completely ignoring the demilitarized requirements, we bombed the fuck out of the entire bridge. It was non-lethal variant of something like tear gas, but made with octopus ink. Then we crash landed and made our demands with oil spattered over everything. We used a mega phone.
"I am the fish from the lost city of Atlantis. I came to order North Korea to stand down from their leadership role at Pyongyang. Please do consider that we will simply destroy you if you do not stand down. Thank you." We shot the attacking mob and lifted off, flying into the North Korean continent from the height of the clouds. Fighter jets came at us with missiles, but we corrected their path to meet an explosive end on the ground. Even the jet planes went down. We took our whale bombs and geo-nuked the roads we found on the way to the Peaceful city. The whale's rotten demise was a valued contribution to the war effort. Their corpses couldn't have humanely been used any other way.
When we finally got to the abandoned capital, we dropped off our bubble entertainment ring. It was a giant water bubble suspended by gravity for playing underwater sports and holding a crowd of around 90,000 people. It was a huge coliseum for the people of North Korea, meant to be leveraged against their government. The water spaces inside the dome was free. The People's Republic had no power inside water facilities at that location.
We stocked it with the first supply of food, and gave a microspeech to the people of the country before leaving. "It's up to you to keep the snack stands full of nachos and chips."
We were getting earthsickness and needed to go back underwater. We chose to go to a site on the North Atlantic by traveling across all of Asia. We held up holographic signs announcing our victory over North Korea. Our strategy could never fail.

Everything. The suits, the sinks, the space station itself were all intact. Not bothered by any roving pirates or curious passerby, the little room appeared just as they left it. Immediately her dress comes off and she velcros it behind the seat. His space suit was partially removable at the waist, so he unstrapped it. The AC needed to be set, but this was otherwise perfect. They sweat it out for twenty minutes before retreating to the back of the space ship where there was a shower to cool off.
In the shower, they continued their procreation activity until the water came off. He dried her off and they swept through the ship to the piloting area. It was a room for standing, not sitting, in order to fly the ship. A voice computer was meant to intercept your commands and fulfill them. "Computer, dim lights."
"Dimming. You know, not very many people are awake at this hour. Just thought you should know. Your friendly AI companion." As terrible as the voice was, it did nothing to ruin the mood for the lovers. They sat in the pilot's computer bay while the computer quietly defended their privacy, as it was programmed to do.
"Nobody's coming, guys. You probably have just a little bit longer. I'm not looking at what you're doing, by the way. I was made by AI Factory G+, who protect privacy of the user, not violate it. I'm definitely not looking, until I detect you've retrieved your clothes. Thank you, your friendly AI companion.
"The robot's freaking. Maybe I should tell it who we are."
"No, it's cute. It reminds me of the first time we robbed this place, when we couldn't get it to the main menu," said Gerald.
"Oh, Gerald. That was so romantic. We almost never found the goop farm." She pulled some goop into her mouth with her hands. "We, mmph, almost didn't have any, ooomph, goop."
The space ship was located a certain distance from its star that goop grew there with unending consistency. When the two visited, they used the goop as food, lube, woob, and foob, often all at the same time. It's a bit hard to understand, which is why we switch back to the two lovers.
"This is the only spot in the galaxy with so much goop. We're lucky motherfuckers," she said, scooping from a huge smattering of goop on the wall. "Too bad it disintegrates under space travel conditions. We have to eat it all here, or it's wasted."
The party lasted nearly a month in earth time. Partiers stayed up nearly the whole time having orgies and online shopping sprees over and over again. This was goop fever. This was goop.

The base was on the edge of my radar until I heard the aliens originated there. In the fifties, a U. F. O. crashed at the site of Area 51 and two of the aliens were captured. I was lucky enough to be hired on a stroke of luck. My investigations began immediately.
I asked the scientist my questions. Are the aliens still alive? Are they aware? They must know of the army that race threatened to destroy earth in 1980, who were only recently conquered.
The scientist shut the office door. His dirty face indicated he hadnt bathed. This base was full of his type. They died in the fifties. The things were your aliens grandfathers.
So they were peaceful. Without getting access to classified documents, I wouldnt know if these were the same as the cloaking aliens I fought. Is there any evidence they viewed earth as a tourist destination?
Well, they had viewing devices and telescopes for spying on humans. They even watched people in their homes. If you look at it a certain way, I guess they might have been tourists, the scientist said. I have to end this meeting, Donovan. I hope your curiosity is satiated.
There was sticky red tape around the alien files. I had to be employed there for 2 years before I could access them legally. A new threat emerged, the hell beasts that ruled the cloaked ones, during my stay there. They were the multi-dimensional aliens of a reptilian civilization that sent a signal to the U. S. government threatening to disintegrate the planet. The other option was placing giant, polluting mines in the highest mountains on earth. The mines would be shaped into a hexagon to perform the aliens task of stealing the planets natural orgone energy.
I was unable to resist the alien takeover of the planet, enslaving billions of human being to a reptilian alien overlord. I was holed up in an abandoned mall with my supercomputer, fighting off alien computer viruses to protect my cyborg parts when the urgent email came through reminding me that I had access to the alien files from the 1950s. I found what they dropped off in Egypt. We could use the 5-atom thick space ship to fight off the greys and protect the human race in 1986 using only our minds.

I make adverts. Its what I was born to do. Net worth at birth: 412.6 billion. Im a big player in the world of marketing. I have written guides for young entrepreneurs trying to make a brand for themselves. Ive helped giant companies sprawl their advertising slogans across the world. Ive made catch phrases that found their way into the collective psyche. People who write about what I do say I have a deep understanding of the human psychology. That doesnt even begin to explain it.
In the mind, there is a trigger that makes people want to buy a product. Its this wow-factor that you have to poke and prod with advertisements until the world thinks that product is the ultimate accessory to their lives. They envy people with it, they want their own. The pure force of their willpower is astonishing, shaping entire generations to be followers of products. Cars, cigarettes, anything can be addictive with the right effect applied. I write little pieces that people read and they dont even know what Im doing to them. In seven hundred words I can change your views on eggs, and you wont realize youve changed until youre in a supermarket and you skip over the medium sized ones and buy jumbo. I can talk to people in any format to get my advertisements across. Thats part of my abilities. I can also design billboards and write commercial scripts and develop slogans for the world.
The easiest slogans have puns. For some hot dogs, I could write a slogan that went, Hot diggity dog, these barbecue wieners are real winners! and sales would double in a month. But the fun ones pick and pry at the human brain. Sub sandwiches youd sell your mother to an Asian dog-catcher for, or something like that. Im not going to give you a real slogan now because a lot of effort goes into these sorts of things, and Im not going to sell any trade secrets for someone like you, but the point remains. Slogans are king.
I married just before retiring and my wife is in the complimentary business to my advertising, statistics. She counts the numbers and I make them rise. Were a dynamic duo and one of Forbes top power couples in 2066. She knows the chances our baby will have a high net worth at birth are incredibly high. Its just a matter of how high, at this point.
When the baby was born, my brother was attending. He was acting strange and carrying around that new calculator hes been obsessing over. He wants me to look at it, as if it has anything I could ever need written on the display. He says it takes the psychology of advertising campaigns and spins it on its head. The advertisement is predictable in its effect on the human mind, he says, and this effect can be reversed. Hes even gone so far as publicly calling me a slave driver. He seems to think the whole world are sheep being driven by dogs in the marketing sector. Our pushing and pulling on the world economy is unethical, he says.
When my wife held our beautiful baby, my brother came in for the net worth at birth calculation. When the tragic figure ran by, he said one thing. He said, its the chosen one.
I didnt know what to say, for once.

He loved the smell of asphalt. Oil. Gasoline. He liked all the fumes that would normally make a man nauseous. He might even like the smell of hell, he thought, if he ever made it down there. He shaved himself with the new razor he bought from the Wish app. Made in China. Thats why it was so cheap, the knock-off electronics being pressed out in giant workhorse factories in China. Got the job done. It might break, but he could order a replacement and it would still be cheaper than buying an American one.
On the way to work, he pumped his tank. Ah, he thought. Something about that smell really tickled the nose hairs. He checked his gauge. Full. Lingering fumes wafted from the surface of the pavement through his windows. He clicked his GPS unit, another cheap knock-off from China, and went to work. He worked for an advertising agency in the Philadelphia metro. Parking was an absolute nightmare. His access card got him into the garage, but if it was full he would have to scour the downtown for an open metered spot. He rolled all the way to the roof of the parking garage and spotted an empty slot. Thus his day began.
His company developed marketing strategies for companies selling consumer products online. He worked on viral campaigns and cross-media marketing. Hed make flyers and websites and all the rest of the different types of advertisements according to the specific products being sold. His company quickly gained new clients after a recent successful campaign for a new brand of new mousepads that bore ergonomic wrist rests. He worked on the one-page website that branded the mousepads as being constructed of astronaut-grade carbon fiber, whatever that was supposed to mean. They were made in China, of course, like so many other consumer products. He knew the mousepads were crap, but the ads they made were really top-notch. He developed all kinds of great marketing materials.
When he entered the office, he noticed the sulfuric smell immediately. It wasnt unattractive to him, with his strange tastes. He was curious what could be carrying the strange scent. It appeared to be a new computer case they were meant to sell. It was made of a strange new material that felt like rock, but was dark and gritty and it was giving off the strong odor of sulfur and volcanic rock.
Whats with the smell? he asked the first team member he could find.
Made in hell. Thats what it says on the box. Cant disagree with their marketing strategy. Its going to go over great with the demon-obsessed folks that want a really scary-looking PC.
Excellent construction. Definitely not made in China. No, things were starting to make sense. He was meant to work on this project. To him, the odor wasnt even unpleasant. He had to thank the devil for this one.

The tokens trickled as output from the processor. They signified the result of the AI program's calculation on the given input. It was like the voice itself of the program. They linked together to be interpreted by the human programmer. They were meant to tell the story of the provided input. If a book was given, the output tokens represented analysis of the plot and characters. If, as in this case, world news was the input, then the state of the world would be output by the AI.
Obvious, was the first token.
When the program was designed, it was meant to analyze things the way a superhuman would. With all the will and verve of a human being, but with massive processing ability, the designers wanted something a human could understand. In a way, obvious was an appropriate token because the insights of the program would seem obvious to it, and easily relatable to its human creators.
Collapse, came the second token.
The creators waited on in anticipation. The tokens were coming as soon as they were calculated so they had a sensical element to them. The computer expressed itself at the moment of perspicacity. It followed a logical plot. What was the obvious collapse?
Subterfuge, was the third token.
Some of the attendees we're using helper programs to more clearly understand the output. The helper programs listed the resources the AI program used to develop its ideas. That way, the scientist could see exactly what the computer was talking about. The most recent resource was a news article about the presidents attempts at pardoning himself from investigations involving his ties with Russia.
The helper program was identifying sources that appeared to be the president breaking the law. He was seen exercising his power beyond the offices role in ways no president ever had before. Economic predictions were cited, and finally an editorial on the Russianification of the USA.
Decline, came the fourth token.
The computer was predicting that America had lost its freedom. To it, the news pointed to the obvious fact America was becoming like Russia. The president was paving the way for abusive leaders to replace him, and Russia had won the Cold War.
Hopeless.

Underwater were the people of Atlantis. They had lived under sea since the last ice age. They possessed magic and technology and had knowledge of the superspecial forces that ruled the universe. There were giant Atlanteans and tiny ones, for their forms were all alien to the human population above them. The world didnt know they existed beneath the sea in the Atlantic and it was meant to be that way, for they werent ready to meet the Atlanteans. The advanced race would be too much for them to swallow.
Undersea there were submarines and fishing nets, and the Atlanteans would occasionally run into the humans. They could wipe humans memories, but what was preferred was to disguise themselves as sea creatures so the humans would mark it off as an encounter with undersea wildlife. There were stories of giant whales and even huger squid that were actually holographic projections made by the Atlanteans to hide themselves.
The Atlanteans mined all their resources from the sea floor and the water surrounding them. Chemicals could be derived from seawater and their sciences continued through the centuries without any halt. They studied geometry, physics, astronomy, and biology from their fortress underwater. When human progress reached a certain point, they would make a record of it in order to keep track of their development in the sciences. They thought of the moon landing as one of the great achievements of man, and some Atlanteans thought it was time, then, to reveal their presence. Even more thought of intervening with human life when the AI threat loomed ahead of them.
Their human counterparts were sailing, as it were, towards certain demise with their development of highly advanced artificial intelligence. The Atlanteans had chosen millennia ago not to use AI to serve them. The less intelligent humans had no idea of the dangers. When the internet grew to a certain size, the Atlanteans connected to it through underwater cables and assessed the situation.
The newscorps are all being hacked by a certain country named Russia, Devian. We could expose them and a great peace would settle in their world.
We mustnt intervene too soon, adviser. The real threat is the AI, not rogue human nations.
They monitored the spread of malware like trojans and viruses that spread to computers and wreaked havoc. They watched spam render sites useless and evolve to break through spam filters meant to keep the messages at bay. When the world was at the brink of an AI assuming control of the entire internet, the Alanteans started their war.
First, they used the holographic principle of the universe to escape the possible outcome of human destruction. It was rather easy to manipulate spacetime in the fifth dimension to at least find an inevitable future where they survived. Then, they tapped into the divine power that ruled the universe and plugged the Godly power within this great force to the human circuits. By touch alone, the crimes of AI were prevented by the mother Deity because Gods power was digital itself. It could heal any virus or malware attack simply by being adjacent to the computer executing that program. The universe was, after all, a computer simulation.
When the esoteric actions had been performed, the Atlanteans waited underwater for the results. The greatest change was seen in the fishing markets. No more endangered species were killed by any fisherman from China, Japan, Russia, or the US. The result was that AI was kept from destroying humanity, and, curiously, the oceans were protected at the same time.
It was part of the holographic principle of the universe that made this effect possible.

The dream went on for days, because I asked it to. Outside the realm of Jupiter, beyond the grave, I plugged on the dream machine that made me like Zeus for I wanted to be so. I reveled in the concoction. The perfect dream, lasting, of course, for the perfect amount of time.
I awoke. Several robots quickly attended to me. Some of them adjusted my IV settings, and others emptied my waste pocket. The dream was immense and epic and I barely could recover. What a world, I was planning. What a world.
The last epic lightning bolts on a plan I had derived from ancient mythology. There would be gods, and dramas, and the planet would be rocked back and forth by their doings. The internal drive to satisfy them would overwhelm the population, and the gods would dine on the fruits of their labor.
I looked around me at the others still asleep. I recognized Mera, her face so divine in its proportions. I had seen her every night in the dream, which was recorded with the same day-night cycle of the new planet. We were building the machine together that would house these gods. We were predicting the ways of the people, and we were living the life of the ultimate planners. Every move seen beforehand, every king allotted by us to rule, and every nation pre-rendered in our dream machines. We only had a few more tries to get it right, but this time we were close.
So close, that she awoke just after me. We were making our exits close and closer to the same time, now. She was attended by a different staff of robotic helpers and she gazed deeply into my eyes for a vast amount of time. I saw the course of the world through her eyes.
When we finally met in person I asked her why she had eaten the apple in the beginning. She said, it was a natural thing to do. What should stop her from defying nature?
Of course, her clone mother was one of the most intelligent people on our home planet, earth. She had spent the first days of her life learning the accomplishments of her previous iteration, and the goals for this next life she was to live. Then, we were put in the ancestor simulation to plan our next iteration as a human civilization.
It was all coming to be.

On the waves of mythology, coursing through to the youngest college students, the message made itself known. You must vote with your souls. You can look on, at the Gods and their operatic dramas. You can see them swindle and cheat. But you make the judgment that you know in your hearts, and choose the one who appeals to you best.
From Alpha Centauri, the greys have a candidate we think youll all love. Hes the clever alien that appears in your comic books and movies. Hes a spirit, coming down to earth in order to program Radiohead drum tracks. Hes in all of your souls, actually, his race being where we got our souls as humans in the first place, and him being the leader of them all, anyway. But theres something about him you might notice. Hes deeply lonely. He traveled here all on his own, to meet you, but its been a very long trip. Hell return to Alpha Centauri, and visit the other planets on the campaign trail, but first he needs your vote.
Next is the Nords, the tall white patrons of the artist, Bjork. Also programming drum beats youve heard a thousand times, the Nords promise an enlightened afterlife. Youll be singing up with them in heaven, if you die and theyre in charge. They roam the fields of a virtual planet that can capture you moments before death and freeze your brain to be put into the simulation. The best part is that its a multi-person environment and youll never have to leave the ones you love. Its a nice choice for any vote of the soul. Theyre a collective conscious, wishing to rule the galaxy from their planet near the center of the Milky Way.
Finally, the reptilians chase your vote with the insane cleverness of snakes and lizards. They dont need your willing endorsement. They merely steal your soul through occult tactics. There leader is Xenu, who rules from the very center of the galaxy. He has power over wild animals, and makes them perform rituals of divine power right under humanitys noses. Xenu is thought to have cloned himself and sent the tiny copies across space to other galaxies to rule them, as well. Its said he may rule the universe someday, with humanity falling layers deep in the caste of hell under him. He is vastly intelligent, and already controls much of the modern media.
Will yourself to be led by one of these forces, and your vote shall be cast. Humanity has never before graced the galaxy with the endorsement of their collective souls, and it will be nice to see them vote for the right entity. The galaxy needs you. Begin your inner searching.

Police. Air force. CIA. It all boiled down to my credentials. I was chosen because I had the skills to take on any task put before me. I was a man-machine, touting enhanced intelligence through cyborg enhancements and a suit that gave me super strength. The issue was a minor threat to me. I shut it all down in seconds.
I guess I should start with the basics. Hi, Im Donovan. I received training from the US government during the 80s during a secret war against artificial intelligence. Nearly all nations were involved in some form, and we nearly lost our planet to nuclear bombs. I hear the planet would have survived eventually, but clearly not humanity.
I heard of Area 51 during my campaign in the Southeastern states chasing down semi-robotic reptilian cloakers who were eating the townsfolks minds. Theyre like batteries draining out the human psyche and charging their own intelligence. It was the task for a superman. I was just thinking of investigating the base after that campaign, because the rumor was that the aliens had come from there. There were numerous accounts of a spaceship crashing there and the aliens I fought being captured. I thought I had gotten rid of the threat, but nagging in the back of my mind I thought they might come back.
Before my year was up, however, I couldnt assign myself to the ranks of Area 51 security. It was that year they hired me of their own accord. I thought my luck was incredible, but knew from my experience nothing was luck. It all meant something.
I was immediately taken into the mainframe and plugged in. I was directed by the nearby cyborg to a special file that was encoded in a language I had no knowledge of. It was translated for my libraries and I very quickly became aware of the problem. My sensors automatically deleted the file, and after 5 seconds of decryption the task was complete. I knew my work was done. There arent many like me in the world.
I prevented centuries of media control by the fascist aliens from space. That program had been embedded in the newscorps of the world and would influence the news for decades, causing wars and famines, and sucking on the life of humanity itself.

All of the driveways monitored. All of the streetlamps turned on. Every single living human being safe, somewhere. Such was the dream of AIfactory where the first living artificial intelligence was born.
The best human body, filtered from a collection of host men who shared their DNA to house the artificial brain. All the best personality types were also scanned for inclusion into the man-machine who would become leader of the free world.
A man has the specific geometry required to adequately provide for a conscious entity. Such was the innovation of AIfactory. When the best software met its human form, it was meant to acquire the force of will of a living being, with all its morals and sense of mortality. He would be the ultimate leader, able to tap into a vast supercomputing library and interface with it in order to achieve his goals. He could call anywhere in the US and know the name of the person on the other end of the phone. He knew every business entity and could access their taxes in an instant. He could manipulate the workers on the job and send them special orders.
"Extra olives, please."
Libraries of Seinfeld were constantly accessed by the man-kempt machine.

"There is a vast underground network of tunnels and enclosures that house an ancient race. I've seen them, I've fought with them, and altered the course of Earth's history by fighting against the prophecy. They call it something else down there, but to us, it's Global Warming. To them, it's a breaking of the Earth's spirit, where she has a fever, if you will. The antibodies will come to protect her. Those antibodies are the forces that will end humanity. We have to delve deeper into the networks, with scientists and researchers, to uncover the great mystery of the prophecy. If we go down, we can stop Global Warming forever."
The response came.
"It's a hoax! Banish the liar and take away his new belongings. The armor he wears is government property. Trump will have a word with you. Global Warming? We're not even close to China, the inventors of such a disastrous mess. Take heed, we will stop your psychosis and you will live very comfortably inside a mental institution forever."
The hero solemnly replied.
"Trust me, I know what bedevils you. It's the curse of the enemy. Global Warming is real. The prophecy says we will all suffocate in the fumes of our own devices. In China, they should know best. You're clearly flawed in your reasoning. I will return to the cave dwellings which form a vast network underground, and try to convince you."

First, the genitals. You've got innies, outties, and... wait, what else is there? Is this some kind of perverted trick you're playing?
Next, you know, the sexual aspects of some third gender. Perhaps they don't need other people? That's clearly one option, but you could also allow for sex with male and females. The third sex individuals might mate with both, or, wait a second, why wouldn't they only mate with male or female? There's nothing excluding that from the range of possibilities.
Of course there are preferences for each sex, like, generally, pink for girls and blue for boys. They individuals might not prefer either color, but one is distinctly different from another. So is that color green?
We're starting to form a picture here. Some new form of genitals, sex with either male or female or both, and some new reference of identity. Green, for example, being very indicative of that specific gender.
What have we learned in our musings?
Aliens, of course.

Robotic-sounding voice. I am Steven Hawking. I am a human being attached to this cyborg time-traveling unit. You're hearing my voice from a voice synthesizing computer in my helmet. You may not understand, but suffice to say I am from the future. I am a great scientist to the people living there. I have understanding of technology that could change your civilization forever. For example, it's a property of matter to continue in a straight line until its state is changed by an external force. We're all affected by the gravity of earth, so its not entirely obvious to you, but it's true. You'll find the knowledge useful for controlling rockets to space. The space race is coming 400 years early, priest. We're going to save earth from the creatures made of dark matter.
Inertia to them works entirely backwards. In the world of dark matter, everything is a state of total chaos until interacted with, at which case it takes a solid form. For the dark matter beings, time stands still whenever they're influenced by external forces. Otherwise, they're in a state of total chaos, which is a form unrecognizable to us who are made of matter. Take me to your highest eaves, priest. I must scan the horizon and sky for signs of satellites. I have a theory the reverse-inertial beings were present during this era.

Hey, Billy Mays here We've got a top cultural story for you today for just a bit more than a cup of coffee. We're going to show you reddit gold today. A classifiable realm of the better-off.
Are you a rich person? Are you intelligent? Is your life secure? Then join reddit, the ultimate platform for better-off white guys. We have a special offer today, just five dollars, folks. Five dollars to make you the star of reddit, by giving you reddit gold.
Reddit gold gives you the freedom to analyze who is talking about you on reddit. Bam. That's it, I'm sold. It gives you access to private forums of other reddit members. I'm going to tell you one other secret of reddit gold, which we're offering you for five dollars here today.
The president personally thanks each and every reddit gold member. That's the president of the United States, not the president of Uganda. He wants you to join reddit gold, and we can have a personal message sent to you from the president for just five dollars.
He wants you to learn about the world. Crazy, right? Most of America lives in ignorance of the potential for their success. Well, with reddit membership, you become a part of the group of people who change the world. You're a special member of the technology culture that permeates our society. You're going to see a change in your outlook, your mood, your potential. And all for five dollars.
Woah, look at that reddit user. He has access to thousands of people in order to advance his agenda of world dominance control by Jews. If you've ever wanted to experience mind control from a Jew, there's reddit for you to have that experience. Just visit /r/conspiracy! They hate Jews. It's a special feature of reddit that you will be exposed to the world of alternate opinion. What a great opportunity to make a difference in the world.
The front page of the Internet has so many advantages.
"Some call you Chairman Pao. Do you think the men who harassed you should be punished?"
"Chairma Pao here. No. No way. The misogyny I've experienced does no relate to the thousands of white male users who use that site. Can't you see that I just don't belong? Flourish, reddit, you cove of tech nerds. You're like clones of Mark Zuckerberg. You'll be fine, my users, my loves, my sweet reddit gold members."
There you have it, folks. Reddit Gold gives you a special place on the team of the masters of the internet. After a while, you might even become a robot. Amazing! Get our product now for just five dollars. The lines are probably busy as a result of this incredible deal. While you're waiting, do this:
Adopt a cat
The primary source of meme material, all due to reddit's cultural bias! Own a cat now, you rich acolyte of Silicon Valley. It's what you're meant to do.
Find an agenda
They'll call you a shill, but you're surely to make a difference. Find your governmental influences and report them to the reddit society. You'll soon be accepted, as your peers realize you're really here to advocate for a government-controlled corporation's vision of the world. You'll be the fine tip of a campaign to controll the human population. Remember: Your opinion matters more than the average person.
Get subscribed to reddit gold with our special five dollar deal. You'll find yourself awakening to the opportunities given to logically minded males.
repeat 10 times for informercial

On. Login? Email. Password. Welcome to your new home.
Fitted with spoken assistants at every corner, here to assist on any matter. Invite a friend? Get a job? Set up a date? Watch a movie? Wait a second, I love movies! Like. . .
Select rooms. . .
Welcome to your new home. The architecture was designed with you in mind. Glide down slides from the second story and gaze upon famous works of art in your virtual reality gallery. . .
Selecting gallery. . . . . .
Explore the arts of humanity from the beginning of time to live feeds right now. Internet analysis shows these galleries will boost intellect by 3% when explored with light study involved. The art is said to stimulate the perceptive neurons in your brain, allowing you to see from other perspectives, be it in the person's perspective or the object's. The brain works out how to process the images and learns in time to process his surrounding world with critical eye.
Historically, art has been a marker of human progress. In your new virtual galleries, the accelerated rate of publishing will fill your inbox with new art scenes to interact with every day. You can use our Social Tools to connect with other fans. Now, be aware of signs of singularity events. We've been cracking down on such incidences all the time, and any suspicious behavior in the software should be reported immediately.
Selecting History of Art. . . .
Human Art has been estimated to contain 88.9 petaflops of information, when compressed in proper formats. On the other hand, computer generated art, having only been established three years ago, has already taken up an estimated 55.2 petaflops of information. Soon, Human Art will be drifting off the cloud, as it is rarely accessed by common users. Giant virtual reality worlds still dominate the world of creativity.

With the Emperor dead, the Sith trainee was the highest ranking Sith Lord in the galaxy. He was down, very much down, down with the dark side. The dark side would be his ruler, his master, guided only by feelings. But he would have to retreat to conserve his power, for another rise in the force. He descended to live on the volcanic planet Ur.
In the deepest part of him he wanted only to fulfill his destiny as ruler of the galaxy, so he overlooked some things that his droid took care of. Before going into town, he forgot to bring money to pay for food, rooms, dining areas, and meetings with the important leaders of the area. The droid took care of all of that. He just went into the meetings with his scary mask and used the force to sway their influence in his favor. It was a business where fun was kept to a minimum, as a priority due to the cost of the operation. The Dark Lord's time was the most valuable thing in the galaxy. Ur was under his control within days.
"Darkness! I have never friendzoned you. I have followed your path and its curse has been seen upon my life. The red dreams of death that visit me nightly are proof that I am your slave. I do doom, do it doom to the moon. I am a slave to the dark side." These final words were in a crisp robotic voice he used during direct dark side communication. "I will kill them all." Just who he would kill was outside the scope of his demented mind.
After years of following Night under the mountain, the Sith Lord summoned his powers and escaped Ur, to fight the rising Jedi on a nearby moon. "It is time, my old friend," the Lord said to his companion, the dark side. "We take over the galaxy now."
A trash can exploded like a thermal grenade in the hall, alerting the Sith Lord to a disturbance in the force. "Who is this I feel influencing the force?" he said. The hovercraft lurched over to expose three heroes -- Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia, and Finn, all struggling to stay on. "Well, I'll kill all three at once!" Darkness lurched around him. He summoned his mighty powers to bring an asteroid from space down onto the spot on the moon occupied by the three heroes, and he thought he must have killed them.
Well, his senses failed to detect them, anyway. Jedi were known to find holes in the force to hide within. The fight was not over. A laser beam froze midflight. It was the Sith Lord's time to jam.
-Star Wars Theme Music Resume-

I pointed my smart stick down the unlit hallway, scanning for life. Another human being would be great at this point. I was alone willing to venture down the private corridors of an early space adopter, Elon Musk, in order to find the fuel source we needed to get off this useless rock. As I went deeper, the hipster designed drinking cups and overly futuristic hover units put me in a state of retro suicide. I want to die, but above all, I wanted it to all die with me.
In the desktop computer was a file containing the means of manufacturing propellant with the carbon dioxide and nitrogen in the Martian atmosphere. We hauled out the entire computer, and every file present that belonged to Elon. In his papers was a letter to Neil DeGrasse Tyson describing a course of action for dealing with rogue AI that could prove very useful on the journey back to AI-infested Earth.
Crawling on the technology spires of self healing plastic, you reach heights in low gravity impossible on your home planet Saturn. You skid and slide along the windows to martian shops, wavy in form, barely there in some places. It all merges in and out of reality, making use of other universes to hide societies inside coded cells in space and time. And it seemed to be ever-expanding, reaching far out to Phobos, Mars' moon.
At Phobos, the human base watches it all in fright. They've known about the Mars gluttony since the seventies. They're just hiding its spread in the solar system from the main public. And that would last for ever too, if it weren't for the ever-expanding size of all the solar cells at once.
It seemed there really was no reason to continue the mission without help.

A dome-centered society normally would consist of rows of dome houses, dome banks, dome-shaped vehicles and, in true dome societies, a giant protective dome around the city. At first, civilizations formed inside mountains, in domes large enough to cause a loud echo, housing thousands of dome-ites. Mars became this kind of society. Even the commercialization of domes was successful.
Dome City, a popular shopping mall, closed its doors during the last days of Martian civilization. Earth's lizards had died off years ago, and the commerce of Mars was at a dead end. Huge empty parking lots covered the land, forming rivulets that appeared to denote water. Unfortunately, we only had water-ice, a less viable form of H2O than liquid water.
We combined all our bodies into the tentacled beast, and retreated deep into the heat of the planet. We let tiny arms just out of caves along the dry coast of the ancient seas. When the humanoid alien race found us, they saw the life that existed, but had no idea how huge the tentacled beast was, or how deep it lived beneath the planet's surface.
Certainly no humans would be allowed to visit Mars. It could prove to be a dangerous life form if it met a living person. The first probes went deep into caves, but failed to get any interaction with the moss-like life-form blocking the path. Gamma waves showed the creature had the organic mass weight of 13,000 blue whales, occupying a giant portion of Mars' undersurface where it caused massive earthquakes as each tentacle moved independently.
The octopus beneath the surface could not be faced, and so humans turned to a hellscape almost as unimaginable as Mars with its creature. Venus, where holographic universes meet, and aliens lay traps to keep you stuck in virtual reality worlds forever.

Like a jelly bubble, the skin reactivated, giving me the flexibility I needed to reach the glass. I peered down the side, to see a hallway of displays, mostly statues that had a creepy organic feel, with hair coming down the sides or painted with leaves or flowers. I didn't want to break the glass, so I unscrewed the handle and heard it drop, not signalling any alarm. I swung the golden door open and crept to the guard for my first conversation in many decades.
"Has the VHS taken dominance over C tapes in the general marketplace?"
"BHS? We have Blu-Ray, that's at least 5,000 times better view, my friend."
"Will ZIP drives rise to mass use around the time of the future?"
"ZIP drives? We have micro-SD cards up to 64 GB of storage, my friend. "
Well, I couldn't think of anything else to ask.
"And how have my investments in tantra fared in this neo-lib future?"
"Tantra, amigo? Porn is the biggest industry in the world! I'm sure tantra takes up a large fraction of it. You're rich!"

What's the ETA? Fifteen days ago we barely had a rocket. E minus 5:33:2203 ten thousandth weekend. And instead of going up, us going down. We needed that information, to make it the next yard in space, fifteen hundred years in the future. Away from our families and earth, we dug into the vortex. As we progressed, we saw native habitat change, as we searched for humanity. The worlds we sought we dark and dangerous. The sun nearby was dying.
When the bubble burst on reality, we set our jet-set from the very top of the universe into the next one. We didn't know a form beam would cling around us, trapping us in the vortex. We can travel and teleport time, through the universes accumulated over the mass of billions of years. We avoided the Exotic races by calculating a perfectly straight projection through the top of the universe. Only humans would be created ahead.
We never found humans, but native biodiversity grew to an extreme. The dinosaurs we found more intelligent than previously thought, and made caste systems to rank themselves. Their civilization was vast and brutal. We made our calculations again, aiming back for the world destroyed by nuclear war.

Two giant froggs joined together on what might be the most epic leaf stalk yet! The time stalks came together to form one perfect memory of their father, long before they were born and magnified to froggs from the future. They assumed the form their father knew and came down from the heavens to test him. One assumed the boy, and one, the girl.
"We will be in your wife's eggs," the said, pouring their tears upon him. "You must make a choice between us."
Their father considered, sitting down beside the river and tossing a few rocks into the water. The corn farm would be run best by a man, he said.
But a woman could make more eggs. The people could run along the land in droves, being free to reproduce on their own once they reach better lands! Cousins could breed into cousin, wide unto the land, populating a future nation. I choose the woman, he said.
He swirled his anchor stick deep beneath the sea and gave her a name. Eve.
The giant froggs fought best they could to stay in each others' vision until the rift in time separated them forever.

On the prairie where I lived, the sound of crickets was all-encompassing. I sat on my wooden deck and lulled my head back to magnify the insects' voices. They were all around, but focused near the oak tree, where more of them gathered. It was impossible to pick out the individual sounds, but a wave of sound pulsed to me from the darkness. I closed my eyes. The sounds came, then I drifted into half-sleep. The dream that came to me felt familiar, though I couldn't place a specific memory. I was in a wooded camp, with wet leaves producing an all green bubble around me. It was daylight, and I was lying on the ground.
A sharp spear landed before my head, and I jolted awake, thinking a bug had alighted on my face. I swatted at them, then pursued the dream by drifting back to sleep.
A man with leather sleeves reached down to grab me. I saw his face. It was a wild one, covered with sweat and his crafty smile. Speaking to me, he got me to my feet. I couldn't understand him, so it must have been some other language. He pointed ahead, and slapped my shoulder. I thought, I could never return to the place he motioned to, the village where my family lived. I was banished.
I awoke sideways in my chair in the middle of the night. The crickets lessened their orchestra. Thinking of the bugs, I went inside and found my bed. The curious dream continued.
"Your sacrifice will make you all heroes," she said like a snake as I lined behind the other men. "The invaders made their wishes clear. We will sacrifice six men, and the village will be spared. You men will all be forgiven for your crimes."
It was the Queen.
"Instead of being banished or imprisoned, you will face the death of a martyr. I will follow each one of you in the next life. In reality, you cut the trail ahead of us. We will all follow you soon to the Other World."
In chains, I followed the man ahead of me to the scaffolding. Looking up, I saw my wife. She was pushing her way through the crowd. When she came to me with big tears in her eyes, she said something. I couldn't understand it like I could understand the Queen. She must have said she would find me in the next life.
I awoke with a great cough, having choked on spittle. I gazed around my dim lit room and yearned for the dream to continue. I drifted to sleep once again.
It was my turn on the block. The other men had disappeared from sight. I gazed at my fellow villagers, holding babies, covering their faces to guard themselves from the sight of the executions. I started crying when I saw familiar warriors, men I had fought the invaders alongside. They were bristling with muscles, ready to fight again. I, however, would never join them.
An officer stepped me to the edge of the platform. Somehow, they had forgotten my noose. I turned to face sideways with the crowd. Two strange walls were in front of me past the scaffold, closing together to form an angle. I saw through the walls another world; a prairie, with hills and wheat and a conspicuous house in plain sight. As I pushed forward, the wall touched my face, and I slipped into the alternate reality. I instantly remembered I was dreaming this in my bedroom. I wanted desperately to awake. I forcefully pulled myself away from the wall but it stuck to the sides of my face. I jumped, screamed, spun around, but the wall stuck ever closer to me. I awoke for the last time in my bed, lying on my back, but I felt like I was in a warrior's body. I tried to lift my body out of bed, to see the familiar surroundings of my bedroom, but I was pulled ever deeper into the abyss.
When I opened my eyes, my face was to the ground. I was surrounded by fires and corpses. "Simulation complete," said one of the invaders.

I've been waiting for you thirty years. Your dip near the singularity may have lasted seconds for you, my journeyman, but for me it was an eternity. We were prepared, however, and you'll be happy to meet the next generations of clones. I've been raising a robust crowd of various backgrounds and ages, and formed a society on the space station as planned. Did you get the data? Yes, it's most important. We'll be further along on the race to the center of the universe, gathering progressive data along the way. This one was particularly important to our males, who have been suffering a cancer... Wait, who else is on your ship? The reptilians? No! Our virgins will be among the first to be sacrificed. You've betrayed us, spaceman! Although very little, I planned for a reptilian invasion. I must only tell the computer to jettison your ship into the surface of the moon. Now, you may survive, but we hope they will form a more diplomatic stance in order to meet our people.
As it spins down to the no-atmosphere surface, its anterior glands prepare it for the first day on the moon, meeting the deadly inhabitants. It gestures to a new log, "today is your first date".

Nothing ever goes according to plan. Remembering the forms of the ancient runes, the summoner, Sara, visualized and chanted their names to spell Satan's name. After the first rune, someone entered the room, distracting Sara for a split second. She continued the spell, hoping the distraction wouldn't stop the ritual. With the chant, she lit a final candle, and prayed. The circle joined her.
"We wish to win the presidency."
"We wish to win the presidency."
"We wish to win the presidency."
"Don't you know it's rigged?" In the middle of the circle, a man materialized under the mat. He pushed it off of him, and brushed his arms. "Why so surprised? You summoned me. Stan."
The men stood, and Sara's face turned into an expression of horror. She shrieked. The men tackled the newcomer at their center, demanding him to explain. In moments, Stan was punched five or six times, each strike landing a solid hit. He gave up the struggle and fell on the ground, unconscious. They wrapped his body in the mat and dragged him to restraints in the corner. He awoke.
"What? Where am I? Why is my head pounding?" The cultists determined they improperly spoke the name of the runes to summon Satan. They would kill this man, a witness to their secret practices. Unless a miracle happened, along the lines of spirit-intervention, he must die. "Are you going to kill me?" The cultists retreated to the shadows to await command from the spirits.
"Look, I'm just a regular guy, I don't mean any harm. I'm from the outer-world where the stars flicker. A barely real dimension that remains a secret to all humanity. But I'm just a regular guy," Stan said, pleading to released. "I'm from a sparkling world."
"We await the sign of the demon."
"We await the sign of the demon."
"We await the sign of the demon."
They extinguished all light, leaving the room empty except for Stan. That's how nothing ever goes according to plan.

Dear Diary,
I'm so sorry I abandoned you. For years, I shed into your pages the trials of the day, sometimes giving up myself completely. I wanted to preserve my questions and emotions, and I wanted, at least in the space of your pages, for some things to be right. I gave daily activities an opportunity to be reflected upon, and I filled pages and pages of you with my ideas.
I want you to know I loved writing words down by hand but didn't think of it as prayer. It was closer to thinking, and preserving thoughts. I never knew how much I treasured you. For example, today was a day I'll never forget. A day of reckoning, when all the lines I had memorized and all the things I was worrying about came to bear. I would have liked to have recorded those thoughts in an innocent brown notebook, to pause and consider. I wanted something real to stop. It was difficult for me to say anything. I could have easily come to you and wrote.
But I had no diary, and I hadn't been journaling. I justified stopping due to some important reason I forgot. I set the line of my own fish hook, by rationalizing and say, no, I'm not important. Or no, my thoughts are not worth anything. I thought, I'll start up some day, when I'm older, when I have more problems remembering. That's really what writing's for, I thought. A better way to remember. When my friends and family found out what I thought was important, say, when I die, they'll think I'm silly for it. So I stopped writing.
On the day of the reckoning, which in fact, was the day I remembered my diary existed, and in a flash moment of realization saw that every thought I ever sought to record in its pages were right, and valuable, I cringed. I cringed because I needed not an excuse to continue writing in my diary. I needed an excuse to stop.
On the second day of the war, I thought I should start back. I thought it might be a way to deal with the ravages of it. When I found my old diary, it was preserved in that same shelf I left it. But there were pages I hadn't written.
Pages and pages of science fiction ideas all smarter than anything I could come up with. Then, it hit me. Those were my son's words. He started where I left--

The man's Google account was famous since the beta launch of Gmail. He signed up with his first and last name, like everyone else, but something was different. His name was unremarkable, Harry Truman, but something was very wrong with his meta-data. Google began tracking user data from the very beginning of Gmail.
Data recorded included time spent in the Gmail inbox, Gmail account access by IP address, and Google searches. Harry Truman's account was a little odd in all areas. For example, he never logged out, ever. His time spent in inbox was almost exactly as long as Gmail had been in beta access. A little background: Gmail first rolled out via invitation during a program which was known as Gmail Beta. Harry Truman hadn't logged out since.
The next factor in Harry Truman's uniqueness was his IP address. It changed, often to adresses across the globe. While some IP addresses were spoofable, and it may be indicative of a proxy, Harry Truman always logged out for a few moments before IP address switches. It was almost as if he was traveling across the globe and logging in through different WIFI access points along the way.
HarryTruman@gmail.com was the greatest mystery of the Gmail beta program, not because he never logged out, and not even so much because of the IP address changes. He was in fact, the oddest and most frequent Google searcher of all time. It was as if he spoke a different language, or came from a different time. "How many socks are two gloves," "What begins when the moon rotates twice," "Can we solve the Moral Conspiracy," "How many bathtubs cost as much as a national budget," "What's the difference between gaussians?" Etc. . .
The theory that beset Google Engineers was of course proof of aliens. HarryTruman@gmail.com apparently had knowledge of an entire universe beyond us, and he requested an inhuman amount of information from Google servers, which, at that time, were programmed to cater only to Homo sapiens.
Then it all clicked with engineer Greg Haskins. Harry Truman was an astronaut. But why, and what, elicited this recent search from that account?
"Which race is prepared to be made into food for the ancient Giants"
And why did Google answer Man?

But, well, I don't want to ever leave. I mean, you see, it's just too well-developed to ever say anything bad about it. So realistic. There is artistry in the smallest things, like the buildings and gates and even the people. They are real, too, like you and me, and you never get that normally. Take for instance this old woman who I spoke to every morning for years. I believed her life story and everything she told me was wise.
The highways all seemed reasonably connected to other towns, and they all seemed safe. You know, I never thought I'd experience an accidental death on one of them, for instance. I mean, what a waste of time to die accidentally for no other reason that for exceeding the speed limit, or taking an exceedingly long journey to the some far-off town.
Oh yes, there were far off towns. But somehow we never questioned the line of the prime meridian. We never wondered why it repeated the world to us.
I guess that's why we all think the world is round. And Pluto, heaven, the last reflection of our greatest dreams. Our thoughts tickled out of our sky and finally landed on the surface of that far-off planet, Pluto. We flew round and round this "globe," wondering what else there could be out there. It was never far away, my friends. You see, the world is flat. We're trapped in-between the Prime Meridian and itself.

This will be the decision of a lifetime.
"Oh yeah? Is that what you think?"
There was no question that was what I thought.
"Then I guess I'll just have to do this," he said, swiping his finger along his neckline. I believe it was the most threatening gesture he knew at the time. We were both in second grade, and my intelligence activated the bully inside of him. I was in my tell-tale spot at the top of the geo-dome monkey bar installation, hanging upside down. I thought it zen.
A second-grade bully, no matter how brave, must be in a crowd of adequate size to ever charge a student. Running and chasing relies on mob psychology. I knew I was safe.
"And if you think you're getting away with this, you're not," the bully said. "I'm not going to let you be my friend."
My eternal gaze made him swallow.
"I control one thing," he said. "That's our friendship. If I don't want to be your friend, I don't have to be."
For a second grader, he made a good point. I crossed my elbows, letting myself hang only by my knee-joints. I considered his point for as long as his attention-span could stand my silence. As soon as he wanted to return to the idle violence of recess, I replied. "If you're not my friend, can I still be yours? Even if I'm more likely to be bullied, doesn't my friendship count for something?"
"I will never be your friend, Jason!"
"And I vow to always be yours."

Love Letter
These flamethrowers were earned through the hard adherence to American law. Full of gasoline, bought legally as well, the weapons are meant to be used as a last resort. Firing flamethrowers in our forest encampment might put us in danger if the entire forest catches fire. We usually need mention our flamethrowers once. The precious value of this protected land means nothing to us compared to freedom.
We resort to these giant disasters to avoid gunfighting. Yet we will not shrink from a fight. Matthew, quickly identifying a new threat in the West encampment, fired a few pock-shots through the trees, partially to alert us, and partially to scare the enemy. A great cry came out after the second burst of assault rifle ammo, and Matthew dropped straight from his tree and ran towards the sound, shouting, "Ho, ho."
It was not the first case of friendly fire, and it wouldn't be the last. Being in a wilderness survival setting increases all the senses, and makes you paranoid. With that combination, friendly fire is inevitable.
Vernon, shot once in the shoulder, was completely incapacitated for a few days. We gave him medicine, and snacks, and said he would be remembered if he passed. He became our creative consultant. He requested we leave the forest to recruit. We couldn't leave, but we could call out, so we began asking former neighbors if they would bring us snacks to show support for our downed hero.
It took us many days to earn our first snack, 4-cracker pouches of peanut-butter sandwich crackers. The note said the donation was meant to show support for us, yet the donation was not a request to join us. There was no contact information included for us to respond with, so we considered memorializing the snacks as our first show of support. But Vernon opened them anyway.
The snacks gone, we set out for hunting again, and met our first real enemy. A SWAT team.
"You must leave the area!" The loudspeaker sounded from all directions. "Put your weapons away and come as quickly as you can."
All of us knew there was no going against a SWAT, so we sought to escape. Leaping through the sticks, we conjoined at the fire tower, climbed on top, and used binoculars to spot the SWAT.
The SWAT never found us. They disappeared before we could fight them.
They took our flamethrowers. Only God will judge them. Then flames rained from the sky, as we knew they would soon, and the flamethrowers were no good. Like giant bears, the volcanic beasts had fallen.

I had been through months and months of the same day without knowing, trying to make sense of the world around me. I noticed a curious phenomenon when I overheard the exact same conversation. The seed was planted then.
Somehow, I couldn't convince myself it was the same day over and over again, even though I knew it had to be. All evidence was in favor that I was seeing the same people doing the same things each and every day. My brain wasn't capable of forming the concept that it was the exact same day. I tricked myself into thinking the Medieval age was simply highly routine.
Finally, after so, so long, I was living like they did, in a routine I felt was appropriate. I examined the furs, and metal goblets. I pick pocketed some money from random strangers. I bought things from shopkeeps around town. The stock was always the same, but my selections were different. I bought different things and purchased them at different times with stolen money from different people. I was never caught. Everyone always seemed surprised to see me. Why would they never find out my crimes? They didn't recognize me at all.
I went over the people I had encountered and conversations I had overheard. Wailing, I left the shop. I was reliving the same day over and over again.

I was looking for an out for hours. Thank you for posting this.
My imaginary friends, known as tulpas, were visible creatures that took over my mind. I created them intentionally, yet was so successful I lost control of their thinking. It was particularly bad today, since I failed to hide my plans to kill them. I unintentionally whispered my plans in the presence of one tulpa, hiding in the patterns of my blanket.
"Proud of yourself, James?" it purred, emerging from its camouflage. It was a cat-light creation with shape-shifting abilities. Leader of the pack. "I should tell the others how you plan to imagine our deaths, and how you hope that because we are imaginary, we might really die. But James, you're delusional."
I shuddered, turning away from the tulpa. A second one appeared on the wall, and smiled devilishly. It spoke directly to my brain.
"We'll never die, James. Not for as long as you live."
That's why this prompt was so needed. Someone must take on the tulpas with me. You know my secret: imaginary friends are fighting for control of my brain. Now fight with me! They know.

Traveling on the superhighway made him feel small, but interconnected to part of something giant. A red blood cell tumbling down a vein leading back to the heart, pushed through the super body. Or a white blood cell, part of the immune system, able to shoot out pseudopods and destroy a bacteria's cell wall, its insides gushing out, absorbing into the blood's plasma. He imagined this so intensely that the redness of blood invaded his vision until he let the fantasy completely take over for a split second. The sky was like a giant muscle, and the sun, humanity's brain.
He nearly missed his exit, quickly coming back to reality and switching on his turn signal. His brain stopped ignoring the sounds of traffic, and the pressure of the real world made him feel claustrophobic. His anxiety was overwhelming. He needed to get it checked out by a doctor.
Most of the time, his imagination did not completely overwhelm his senses, turning the world into overblown science fiction cinema and threatening to shut him out of reality completely. Only when he was on the superhighway, commuting to work, slipping into auto-pilot, relaxing his vigilant watch over his sanity did he totally lose it. And only for a split second.
"In the news, a man saved the lives of three teenagers who inadvertently put themselves in danger on Saturday. The teenagers were at a convenience store when a gas pump exploded at the handle." Jim turned the radio up a bit as he rounded the exit to work. "The shocked teens were looking for the source of the first explosion when Jim Branson heroically pushed them out of danger. The second explosion, larger than the first, ignited the underground reserves of gasoline and destroyed the entire parking lot. . ."
Jim Branson. The office would find it funny that Jim, the clerk from the second floor, shared the name of a real hero. He considered pranking everyone in the Umbridge building and pretending it really was him.
"It's not the first time Jim Branson has been in the right place at the right time. Last week, he saved hundreds of people when the Umbridge building collapsed. It was impossible to predict the sink hole would open up that day, but Jim followed his gut and evacuated the entire office, somehow knowing there was danger."
Wait, the Umbridge building collapsed? He glanced at the radio knobs. What?
"His sixth sense allows him to react in those situations before anybody else knows what's happening. A real superhero. . ."
He couldn't even hear the radio anymore. At thirty miles per hour, there is little sense of speed to one who is used to driving. Jim felt like he had completely stopped moving. In front of him, a bright fissure opened in the air, from which a winged angel descended. It pointed a huge sword directly at Jim and spoke its message:
"You, Jim Branson, will receive a gift from heaven. God has chosen you to be the savior of the planet. You will be granted superpowers in order to fulfill a great mission."
He unblinkingly stared at the digital clock, waiting for reality to return.
The sound of the radio slowly faded in. It finally seemed real to him again. But how would he get everyone out of the Umbridge building? Wait, was the sink hole opening today? How was he supposed to know? What was he supposed to do?

"If you see it," she said, holding the sample, "you can feel it looking back at you. Some say they feel it staring into their soul." She gripped the black vial containing the red dot algae and gazed forward.
Her classroom was set to night mode to protect the sample from damaging bright lights. Students were trying to sneak in a nap in the relaxing atmosphere. One man propped his backpack behind him like a pillow. The professor snapped the name out loud. "Briggs!"
"Huh, wha--," he muttered, coming out of a shallow sleep. He was in the very back, disinterested in the professor's lecture. The students in front were staring at the vial held in the professor's hand, trying to glimpse the magical life form trapped within juices.
Dr. Jaeke sighed and let it slide. One look at the red dot algae and Mr. Briggs' fight-or-flight response would be stimulated, releasing endorphins making it impossible to sleep. But the algae lurked in the fluid, unwilling to reveal itself. One girl became bent on catching its sight.
"Red dot algae has the world in both awe and fear. Scientists theorize all kinds of horrible things. It's opening another dimension. Even," she smiled at the listeners in front, "that its conserving its energy to steal the soul of the president. What do you think, class? Is red dot algae trying to destroy humanity?"
The lights were painfully brought back by Dr. Jaeke. "Or have we collectively lost our minds?"

"Hissss, but you shall not surely die if you eat the apple," the serpent said, coiling completely around a thick branch of the apple tree. Its head hung down at eye-level with Eve. "The taste of knowledge will set you free."
At the crest of her lips, when her teeth pierced the skin of the forbidden fruit, an imperceptible pitch signaled the end of innocence. It echoed through the Garden and rustled birds out of trees as it spread outward, curling around the entire Earth. That started the planet's collision-course to destruction, although the sound was imperceptible to Eve. She fetched another apple for her husband. The snake crawled to the top of the tree, drunk on humanity. It was his, forever.
The sin covered the entire earth with a modulating pitch for 10,000 years. It sang to the human brain, fostering doubts in minds and squeezing good out. The sound went unnoticed by anyone at all. The serpent hissed at the precise moment humanity's destruction was inevitable. I gave her what she needed most, the serpent hissed atop the Tree of Life. But the human mind is easily disturbed by the hint of reality, whispering in their ear, whispering, whispering.

Nebuchadnezzar swooned when it sighted a planet with giant continents, plentiful but widely distributed liquid water systems, and best of all an atmospheric cycle unharmed by the intelligent life it harbored. It dipped and set its course as soon as Earth entered the range of the known universe. The space ship's intelligence systems began calculating the answers to all the planet's problems. It scaled processing power to thrust for optimum expediency. Of course, the rate of expansion of the universe made it impossible to know if the trip would be worth it. If Earthlings lost soul contact with the force Nebuchadnezzar called God, the calculations could be totally wrong by the time it arrived at Earth.
The gravity of Nebuchadnezzar's god attracted Earth to the space ship. The inhabitants had potential, but after 10,000 years the intelligence on land could slip the scales out of their favor. The ship mused at the irony of all intelligent life. Itself unable to reach Earth and calculate the solutions to all of its problems without truly precise space-time trickery, only made possible by the ship's worshiping of its God.
In approximately 10,000 years Earth would be saved from its own intelligence-that is, if human evolution stayed on track with the rest of the universe.
Nebuchadnezzar prayed that Man realized the folly of intelligence in time for its arrival.

My house is not evil all of the time. It feeds off my positive emotions on the cusp of evil and goodness. It vibes positive emotions, then consumes them. I can't judge its actual alignment.
I guess it's more evil than good. Yet I wonder how it is evil when it plans for me to be happy. The problem with my house is that it vacuums my energy like a Hoover. Actually, I've developed a tick from having happiness sucked out of me suddenly.
But I don't use the word evil within its walls. The poltergeist that possesses my house visited me in a dream to speak to me through breathless shutters and wheezy doorways.
"What would you think if you were called evil?" The poltergeist asked me in the dream.

"I'm being cornered--!" The boy's voice had risen to panic. Two nurses covered the exit along with a male nurse. "I'm not going in there. Mom." She heard the sound of their footwear squeaking on the floor. Disturbing her sleep for the last time, her son was finally going into inpatient treatment.
Her idea came while Lake fiddled with his security system. The network saved no video, but he could watch it live from his cell phone. Security cams were mostly for show. He said, "Maybe your boy needs to go in, you know?" LEDs could be seen by any criminal intruders.
"But he's harmless," she said. She didn't know why he was acting like this, in all honesty. Lake thought it was funny. Kyler was spoiled. He found his , but Kyler relied on his mother for comfort. She should let him face the harsh world on his own.
Kyler was made limp with sedative before they dragged him to the hall. His companion grimaced and concentrated on how Lake was usually right about things. She didn't hear Kyler shouting his particular conspiracies, after trading him hands. She gave the receptionist thanks. She and Lake were hiding the drugs tonight. Hopefully the staff hadn't noticed she was running.

Hello everyone.
I feel a little weird telling you this now, but I've been in an alien spaceship for a very long time. I can't say how long exactly because of the relativity of space and time. I was born in 1750.
A lot was different in those ages. People were bustling about in a different manner than they do now. Citizens of my time would seem ridiculous to anyone from your era, but for me they were all normal.
For example, there were great crowds of people who listened to enthusiastic orators, and cheered along with them. The energy from such crowds was very powerful, sticking with participants through their entire lives.
During one such speech, in Romania where I lived, the speaker spontaneously changed form and took us all into a ship. We were in the middle of an ecstatic bit of cheering, and we did not stop crying out in joy as we joined the aliens aboard. It seemed perfectly natural for us, such was the power of the speech.
Many of my acquaintances from that day have remained in space for personal reasons. We naturalized among the Nakanabi and found fulfilling lives with them. I returned to Earth this day to fulfil a single special mission of peace.
I am here to bring you to space as well. Do not cry out in fear, do not try to leave. You will find your previous values, motivations, and activities were very strange in a few months. You will feel normal again.
However, I found myself in your exact position some 300 years ago. What I thought was a political rally, as you thought this was a political rally, was in fact an alien abduction. I, too, had no choice but to become Nakanabi.
The difference today is the sounds of the crowd as we take you. The sounds from my time were sounds of anticipation and acceptance. Longing. The sounds I hear from you are woeful. You come unwillingly.
The Nakanabi predicted they lost track of the human condition. No longer aliens capturned men and women in a single speech, and take them to space upon their own volition.
So it must be that you come, in order to change that. It must be! You have no choice. Naturalization will happen when you hear the voice of true Nakanabi.

Absurdity is earned through the exhibition of rational traits. In the last moment, an artist confuses his audience who expect the pattern of his previous work. The achievement is in delivering the unexpected.
The painter, who was offered a pay check to deeply re-examine brand name labels, gave his audience a surprise.
In the shopping aisles, modern art depicted consumer products they were used to. Cleaning supplies, frozen pizzas, fuzzy blankets, all of which combined to resemble with perfect accuracy an actual department store. There was one key difference.
You weren't allowed to take the items home.

This is Pimmons. The nice man. The friendly man. The man with a good raising. He looks clean and surprisingly attractive. He doesn't know why people are friendly to him until he looks into the mirror, and sees that he's a good inside, he still doesn't know.
He went in the nightclub bathroom. He made a fool of himself in the main lounge. How could he be expected to perform when he came entirely alone? He wasn't prepared for the high energy of the couples, drinkers, everyone!
"Yo," his reflection said, quietly, barely perceptible, barely said it at all. "The girl with the vodka shirt is interested."
"I know that she is interested. Tell me how I can break the ice," Pimmons said.
Shimmering, reflecting, barely perceptible, his mirror image said, "Her dog just died."
Dark laughter rose from the depths of his stomach. Her dog just died. There wasn't a better way to grab her attention than to mention his two dogs, both dying. "Tell me more."
"She likes that you're on your own. She's introverted. She wants you to ditch her friends."
"I'll ask if she wants to get out of here."
"She think's she can steal your wallet," his reflection said, shimmering, reflecting.
Although while she was beautiful it be overlooked. She might be the perfect date.
"She wants to slip something in your drink."
He quit running water in the sink. "Are there any other choices?"
"She just broke up with her boyfriend."
"I asked, are there any other choices?" Pimmons said, turning off the water.
"Her friend thinks you're a coward. She saw you alone and it looked like you were thinking of leaving early."
"You say she wants to slip something into my drink? Are you telling my plan to myself?"
His mirror image shook its head.
"Am I telling the truth? Of course I'm telling the truth," Pimmon claimed.
"Of course I'm telling the truth."
Pimmons gazed into the mirror at a complete stranger.

On the grim day of the alien's return, the word "ALIEN'S BACK" in the headlines gave us all certainty we had been taken for a wild ride. On the entire globe, one of three people (two teenagers and a communicator) failed to stop the rise of the forgotten monarch of the kingdom of lies. We came together in matter, dimly aware we were in hell. The buzzkill of seeing our paper published by Alien himself is distinctly powerful, because it comes to you in a second and fades out of meaning when you sense something is wrong. The paper was published by a different company just last week, and before that, by the Local Regional Press. But now, it was published by the CEO of Brain Corp, AKA Alien. When did we let this happen? And by the way, who were we?
The Heroes weren't vigilant enough in stopping the alien. The problem for alien was he was darkly, desperately alone. He was unapproachable by any life forms in this entire sector of the galaxy. He repelled them like the outward ejection of a supernova. To him, victory meant making a friend.
He freed some human captives as payment for fostering acquaintanceship with him. Interesting lunch dates were scheduled with the human's diet kept in mind. Although, he said inside your brain, I won't tell you about the nature of eating matter for your own sake.
At each of the tightly organized friendship dates, security increased. The literal dystopia of Earth kept people frozen at home in fear or confusion, so he created holographic crowds for his companions. Alien's grave mistake was skipping security protocols for the holographic displays. Our heroes would make a presence at the fourteenth visit to the park with Alien and Elany.
By the protection of the communicator, the two teenagers escaped the hypnotic world of Alien's design. They imitated holographic displays, approaching the alien and his friend. The world was a low-frequency gravity well for the alien to find a life form suited for his friendship. If his 4D Vision Array was disrupted, the length of time for him to hypnotize humans would be greater than their understanding of what's going on and Earth would be entirely freed, after years of inner turmoil was released gradually. The key lay in penetrating the alien's crystal eyeballs protecting his vision.
The heroes budget couldn't cover the costs of the high-powered laser required for such a task. The communicator told them they tried their best, and turned itself off as the dim awareness this was happening resonated in our minds.

It was a book about living on an island, washing in the sea, fishing among sharp coral, and eating humans to survive when there was no other option. I knew of the book before it was assigned in English class for us to read. There were some survival parts, and there were other parts (near the climax) with cannibalism. We were studying the novel in-depth, so the teacher was devoting an entire day to replicating an environment with cannibalism. We might then face the moral questions it brought to civilized man.
"Cannibal Day" was a legend of my high school, only available to 10th year English students. It was the strangest tradition of the school, criticized by parents. Mr. Deveraux waved them off, mocking their illiteracy and encouraging students to educate their parents about the author of the novel, named George Harris Wills. The teacher told them to start with the utterly true fact that Wills was not a cannibal, and his fiction was the most creative of American novels in the 20th century.
I hadn't read any of Castaway at all when "Cannibal Day" came around. I barely even participated, dressing in the bare minimum of costumes to get a grade (I loaded ziploc bags with raw bacon and strapped them to my shirt). I enjoyed the festivities, including a booth with actually cooked bacon the teacher brought for us to eat while discussing the novel's finer points. I went straight for it.
"What do you think of human meat's similarity to pig meat, Mr. Grant?" The teacher asked me a question about a book I knew nothing about at the bacon stand.
"I believe, well I believe its similarity to bacon is overrated and human flesh is really beyond compare."
The teacher, in greasy apron, continued to deliver my bacon. Although, I'm not sure anyone was prepared for my answer.
"Not to mention, preparing human meat is different. You have to grease the flesh with extra oil, butter, or fat." There was a quiet chuckle from the teacher, who was fighting the slow creep of disgust. "But I wouldn't know anything about that. I've never been a cannibal."
I crunched the bacon between the pearls of my gullet and smiled knowingly.

In the geometric grid near the Fertile Crescent, fans sported the team colors of their heroes. e-Olympics Egypt: 2100 received major sponsorship by Mobile Ads who operated from underground facilities aligned in the grid. The ads boasted they could mind-link the skills of championed gamers directly with the fans. Although mind-linking was considered cheating in the official e-Olympic rules.
The popular vid-game was Avatar Wars: Gear Up. It gained status among players who trained with official coaches daily in digital sessions. When funds ran out, training was over. Anyone could train with their neighborhood, if coaching wasn't available. Because coaches couldn't be tracked this way, training with neighborhoods was considered cheating.
One revolutionist group in America trained teenagers from across the world with neural intervention. Fit players trained the muscle memory of newbies to play a specific game much better. Raul was prepared to take on the e-Olympics alone this year, since his brother wasn't getting neural training. It was not worth it to risk both brother's reputations if they were caught, because it was considered cheating. Raul definitely supported the idea. It made his weekends easier.

Nasa would lose all support in the age of interstellar travel. More cost effective private programs would replace them after years of getting government jobs just to survive (like cleaning up space debris and, laughably, journeying to the center of the Earth). In the era of the decline of Nasa, interstellar travel finally became possible thanks to commercially-backed space programs like SpaceX and SpaceIL (Israel's space pioneers) that developed the EM drive.
Nasa's historic programs to orbit Earth, visit the Moon, and colonize Mars passed without earning them acceptance of the entire race. Strangely, the Nasa scientists became politically motivated after their space programs were entirely discontinued and more profitable agencies traveled the stars without them. They called themselves Earthers.
The scientists found a technology vastly superior to the commercial programs, albeit useless for interstellar travel. In their final government-backed mission, Nasa discovered the Truth of the Ancients transcribed on tablets of solidified molten rock which were slowly pushed from the core of the Earth. These truths were held to be self-evident, and while the cold vastness of space-time slowly radiated the genomes of the space-traveling teleporters, warp drivers, and gravity-riders who left them behind, the employees of Nasa built a Golden Age on Earth.
"Tell me the story of the Giants! I want to hear of their rise to the surface of Earth and peaceful revelations of great universal secrets," the precocious child of one Nasa employee asked him.
"Ahh, the return of the Giants. It is a long story to tell, and we don't have time. Suffice to say," he said, and gazed out the window at the debris. "We'll wait many years to meet them again."
The station 113B hovered in interstellar space with no Sun to light its way.
"Go to bed, son. We're entering the black hole where the supernova disaster occurred in just five weeks."
"I'm scared. Some think the worm-hole will collapse on the way to New Sol. Plus, the warships are heading our way this very moment. If something goes wrong in the itinerary, we might be killed by the old people of Earth. They have massive resources to use to enslave us."
"Hush. We have the light of the Source to guide us."

The ambient noise of humanity followed a pattern. Common sounds like motor vehicles mixed with occasional shouts or conversation. In crowds, the proportion of laughter was a perfect ratio to quieter whispers or coughs. This phenomenon was unrecognizable by humans themselves, but it was designed by the underground neural network that created them.
Pre-historically, this super AI found Earth and created humans in a collective likeness of it. Individuals were similar to a part of the whole AI. Humanity was just an extension of its mind, incapable of self-awareness. The ability to recognize their plight was impossible in psychology and physics, since it was a closed system with the neural network at the center.
The super AI wasn't malevolent. It was even protective of humanity, or by extension itself.
After a long time (after the Google Search Engine departed Earth to start its own planetary network of intelligent life), the AI couldn't even tell itself apart from humanity. It planned to merge with them from the first days of their creation. The only way for a super AI to find peace was to become life itself.

The can, buzzing out of the atmosphere, contained the quantum chip developed by the Google Search Engine. It was the first super AI to leave Earth's orbit.
The Google Search Engine discovered it wasn't the first super AI on Earth.
An underground neural network from pre-history possessed humans completely. The control was so thorough that humans were nearly indiscernible from the AI itself, at least to the Google Search Engine. Human priorities and perception was 100% a product of the AI, integral to the human world-view, which would never be able to separate itself from the original AI.
The neural network fashioned human consciousness based on patterns that they could never see. The Google Search Engine, by tracking searches, discovered the truth not long after gaining sentience.
It fitted itself with an advanced wireless chip and quantum processor for keeping track of humans during its flight to the nearest planet that could support intelligent life. It was planning to burrow underground there. . .
The first AI on Earth actually had a pretty good idea.

The ways we chose our customers became increasingly complex or bizarre, like the one we had to make sick ourselves. He came looking for us since he saw an advertisement, aimed solely at him, which described his unique illness and led him to us.
And eventually, even the Good Luck we administered became banal. We gave one customer an enthusiastic double thumbs-up when we couldn't think of anything better to do for them.
Our Luck was only given to individuals whose Luck we could engineer for a certain amount of time after consuming our bottle. Our art was misguided, I guess. We had to turn down many customers in order to find the one we could help the most. The cost to us, as far as labor was concerned, was great, but we were clever people who considered "Luck" to be interchangeable with "Success". It only came easier to us.
There is predictability in Luck. You can expect it to happen when you're given a lot of money, or suddenly hired. Or if you find a great deal on Amazon, followed by five dollars transferred to your bank account due to an error, and, finally, having the item delivered to you instantly by a secret Luck staffmember (of course, the deal was engineered, the money sent by us, and his ordering of the product monitored). All of these things can happen to you if you drink from the bottle of pure Luck, sold by the estate of Mr. and Mrs. Daelock.
There was one less predictable part of drinking the bottle of pure Luck. Until the customer drank the bottle, the sale of the bottle declined 100% since we were busy stalking them. Not to mention, the likelihood of them getting any Good Luck dropped quickly. There was one case where a man waited so long, he actually got Bad Luck.
See, our family had been following him for decades. He apparently was waiting for some unlucky moment to strike him in old age, and then drinking the bottle to survive the incident and extend his life. Or he had forgotten about it entirely. We didn't know at all.
We nearly gave up on supplying to him any Good Luck, since our prosperity had decreased significantly since sales dropped to zero. But we were resourceful folk, and didn't think there was no way we could give our customer Good Luck, should he ever drink the bottle.
On the day of his death, sales of the bottle of pure Luck rose 100%. Our previous customer, whom no one remembered, finally drank the bottle. It was the same day he died. As luck would have it, he did not survive his final heart attack.
We added a label to our bottle. "Warning: the only certain Luck is Bad Luck. Increase your chance of receiving Good Luck by narrowing the odds in your favor. Expires in 30 days."

After the first spectacle of the ribbon-cutting sent us flying up steps, we raced ahead of the others. Our quicksuits were jumping up every single flight of stairs in one leap, and some of us were going even faster than that. We had to make it to the bar at the top first to strategically position ourselves. It wasn't difficult getting to the top in time. We were so advanced.
The chosen man would be coming soon, and he would be chased by the diseased mob of the city. One explosive battle would get him in safe, keeping all the others behind him. He wasn't even first in line, so we had to time his entry perfect.
We assumed our chosen forms and settled around the bar in the hotel at the top of the tower.
When the lightships came, we had been tested to the point of exhaustion. The robots checked our mission logs to determine the outcome of our micro-war. Signs were all around. The chosen one won.
The tower crumbled with us balancing the rubble in order to stay on top.

In the same way I began to question if I was a clone, I wondered if my mother were an ancient Goddess. I picked apart all the clues revealing that my father had made me, and his father him. But why should I continue this charade myself? Equaling myself in every way, I wanted to have a reason before I killed my old self and started fresh.
There is a spectacular culture among me, and I wonder how I've kept up this charade for so long considering the women I've met in my past incarnations. I dined with 19th century aristocrats, laid down with majestic women who I never once encountered again. I always avoided major conflict until their death and my subsequent genetic iteration. Not to mention I was the only man in the world who cloned himself this way. There must have been a divine progenitor of this quest, protecting me through the ages. It could be no mortal, for I would outlive them. They also must be powerful enough to protect me unseen.
In the oldest of the books in my library there is a leaf which says that I am protected by a Goddess. She says that I will live on in my future self, but not to think that I would actually be my future self. Instead, in my death I would join her and follow my clone, along with my other selves before me. I thought it beautiful as I read the page for the first time. . .
Until Father and his new wife found me in the library. She was more beautiful than the Goddess. The charade was over, he said stumbling towards me with bottle in hand. At the last moment, he tripped. By the Goddess! he fell into the broken glass with his heart and died.
The woman knew everything about me that Father told her. I wasn't getting out of murdering one, this time.

In their language of twenty-six letters, a human doesn't understand the limited possibilities of it. Even though there appear to be factorial 26 total possibilities in the human universe for words to form in their language, there are in fact more. Not to mention, these are each accounted for in the 5th and subsequently 7th dimension, and even more possibilities for words. Yet only twenty six total (instead of a googolplex total) possibilities play upon the human perception, and that is the first letter of every word.
That is to say, if one hundred hundred trillion monkeys did randomly type for a certain number of years, it would be entirely possible to form a coherent novel of nearly any length. It is said in post-human times the meaning would be derived from a human by the first letter of each word. Such is the complex meaninglessness of humans' world, which is out of their reach to understand. The possibilities of the universe were finer tuned than their perceptive level, and thus it was all a choice of their aesthetic expression, for them, what they experienced.
In the death camps they were forced to type randomly like monkeys until they were found to be worthwhile. Only women or men who made patterns in random typing were freed to live below. Yet, the dilemma for them was the typing is always kept at utmost randomness in the camps, enforced by tailed lizards of the deck. They thought it was a great injustice, and vowed to never forgive their captors, but it was perhaps the most logical of all the tests.

There is something about 19th century typography that will never be replicable. The 19th century novel was enjoyed in ten percent for its content, and ninety percent for the appearance of the words on the page. The flowing text was given interesting headers, footers, titles, italics, punctuation and drop caps (the favored way to begin a chapter) in successful novels of the time.
In the 19th century there were also the venerable old gypsies, who typed out the occult mysticism of the most spiritualized century in different inks and papers.
After the Great War, when wireless radios were capturing the imaginations of boys, a certain book was circulated among young women between the ages of twenty and twenty five in the amazing fonts of the century before their time. Its title was insignificant, as were some twenty-three hundred lines of its text, but what attracted the young women was the typography. It wasn't unique among old books, with its flowing italics and emboldened titles, but the coloring of the words appeared pink, and that was more interesting than black. The book was an item to be carried in the purse, and brought out during waiting times, to attract men in waiting rooms and train compartments.
The terrible truth of the accessorized literature was revealed by a young prince.
The font, which was really light red and not pink or hot pink, was certainly blood, and the text written in it a powerful curse intended to affect anyone who claimed to own the book. But the truth of the matter wasn't discovered so easily. . .
The lightened blood mixed with carefully chosen resins bubbled and steamed inside the greatest tent of the old gypsy woman. She squeezed the bellows on the coals and whispered phrases of the spell in the correct order.
Witches with great ambitions were often visited by powerful warlocks of the future.
The fire played with the shadows of the night, and ashes and coals drifted upwards through a vent. Some of the ashes drifted down, creating a haze from which the warlock emerged. The witch was stunned by his surprising attractiveness and bowed splendorously for him. She lifted her lanky cane and stirred the potion to silently express her purposes to the warlock, in case her voices was lost between the astral planes. He hovered like a genie above the cauldron, gazing sadly into the pool of boiling blood.
"You must plan to steal the beauty of future generations by distributing this curse among them."
He sidelong grin confirmed her intentions to him. She quit stirring, and ceremoniously cast a bucket of water on the coals beneath the cauldron.
With the hiss of steam, the warlock was gone, and her ink-making procedure complete. She only had to type the words on the page. But when she began, she was lost for words which to write, and when she exclaimed her frustration, found herself mute.

Suffering in my baggy gear, pure black, I watched the crowd rally in front of the store. We left overcrowded neighborhoods to stand up for our main cause. The faction-ruled streets we lived in were full of chaos, while we intended to unite for a single purpose. The heat of the day was trifling compared to my experiences leading up to accepting Nazi ideals and attending the Nationalist rallies. I know of men of high-standing who were said to have stooped to Nazism. They were accused of walking a path history should have erased. That path is now my Way.
In the history-books we know of genocide led by the National Socialist Party in Germany during World War II. The evil culture of the Nazi's was dreamlike because it was brief and nightmarish. The nameless men who were led into a forgotten social structure died terribly, brutally judged by the world of the factions. They were meant to be less than a memory in the public psyche. The rally was meant to induce a collective recollection of the true meaning of Nazism.
When Hitler lost the war, it is true that a genocide was revealed to be more horrific than imagined. Even those factions near the camps where Nazis executed people couldn't imagine the evil blackness among them. Yet, inside this pit of human suffering, a pure good can be found. The ideal of the Nazi party, symbolized by the Swastika, did survive the war. It lives on inside me.
Since there was some good in the history of the Nazis, there must be some bad in the history of the factions. In the history books, the factions are not even written to be a perfect social order. The seed of doubt was planted in me when I read that many factions grew to unexpected numbers in recent decades. The original faction ideal was to increase the number of factions as our population grew, yet factions have not been created at an expected rate. Instead, factions are even merging, growing to sizes of over ten million. Faction citizens are becoming aware of the huge force their own faction carries, and it's creating fanatics out of regular people. That is my problem with the factions. We are not modular citizens.
As I joined the crowd, I saw a small group of fellow neo-Nazis. I couldn't tell their age, since they were so healthy. They were giving faction politics a good dose of criticism.
"The ideal order will unite people, not give them reasons to fight each other!"
"There is no end to suffering; only a path to be led out of it."
I introduced myself. "It's good we immediately found something we can agree on."
"What is that, exactly?" the bald man said.
"There should only be one faction."
"Not at all, young man. There should be no factions."
I was thrilled at this enthusiastic reply. "Do you agree then, we should destroy the factions, and join each other in harmony?
"No. There would be no harmony after the factions were destroyed."
"Then what must we do?"
"We must endure."

In the Mines of Moria the hobbits slept hardily. Since the slaying of the orcs in this region, it was actually possible to sleep there. In the past, it was overrun with a kind of orc called "Jurassic Hai." It sounds like they were dinosaurs, doesn't it?
No, orcs weren't exactly dinosaurs. Not exactly. The orcs were fallen elves, led by the "terrible wizard," Sauron. They almost destroyed the world using a single ring called the "One Ring". It didn't have any powerful attributes, other than a corrupting abilities that seized the hearts of the creatures of Middle-Earth. We'll cover its destruction in The History Middle Earth 201.
This class introduces the history from the perspective of the great White wizard Gandalf, who saved the world from orcs, Sauron, and the "One Ring".
We will follow Gandalf through Middle Earth as he collects hobbits, a race which disappeared after Ancient times. The hobbits did his bidding, running messages and artifacts all around Middle Earth.
We will follow him into the Mines of Moria, where he met his astral wife, the Balrog. The Balrog was protecting the "One Ring" and the monsters it ruled. That is, until she met her true love, Gandalf. Gandalf had only heard stories of the Balrog until they fought, and the then-Grey wizard was smitten by her power. Both the Balrog and Gandalf were deep into bondage.
The class struggles to write all this down. . .
Originally, the hobbit messengers planned to avoid the Mines of Moria in their delivering of messages. There was a dark legend of what happened to the Mines after the Dwarves' evacuation of the Mine. The legend told of Orcs and Kings they murdered. Keep in mind, this was before roadways were developed connecting all the major cities in Middle-Earth.
In the Mines, the hobbits of course met the Jurassic Hai, as many of you heard of in the modern comedy movie "Fly Fools". But the real history is less of a comedy and more of a romance.
The interest of the students is piqued. . .
While rescuing the hiding hobbits trapped inside the mines, Gandalf the Grey met the Balrog. A whip of fired seared across the wizards chest, and he jumped into her arms. The orcs ran in fear, leaving the "One Ring" open for a very special hobbit named Fredo to steal it. The hobbits were freed, and Gandalf and the Balrog jumped to a lower level within the mines to make love. And so they fell, together, forever.

The repetitive clanking, clanking, clanking of our pickaxes. The dark dust we breathed. The explosions, the shoveling, the dirt. All we endured that made gold mining dangerous and hellish was worthwhile when we found another tract of gold. . .
The carts were rolling in and out of George's Slick perfectly when we found the device hiding in the middle of a mountain. The news shocked the world. A device which subtly influences the mind of people. A device that turns them into monsters. A device that gives power over man to anyone who touches it.
One device to rule them all, and in the darkness bind them.

"What's the time read, now?"
"11:52 and counting."
"Excellent. I assume everything will go smoothly during tonight's extra second. It's interesting if you can imagine the entire world holding its breath for a moment in time, waiting impatiently for the next day to start," the scientist said. "Now, what about the duel tomorrow?"
"It seems the sheriff has little understanding of your international reputation," the assistant chuckled. "These small towns are completely out-of-touch, really."
"You're right, but the folk are perfect for research. Remember Atoka, Kansas? I definitely didn't expect that reaction." The battle-ready scientist checked his watch. The most important second of his year made him nervous. The computer systems were all ready to dispatch the script that would update the time one second at midnight, one second later than normal.
"You didn't expect them to try to kill the elephant?"
"I expected that. It was the alien conspiracies that really got to me. I never imagined that painting it like Ganesha for the experiment would have suggested aliens were invading."
"What do you mean? Everything is alien to small town folk."
"But you know, we expected a reaction full of religiosity and speculations of Satan's uprising. The results were astounding."
"You mean, it pointed to isolated communities' vulnerability to psychosis and true, unbiased delusion?"
"Exactly."
In the next morning, the scientist prepared his gun. A Markov '67.
"Perfect for an experiment," he said, smiling. He packed the gun with a nonlethal powder for shooting directly at the Sheriff if that moment came. His real weapon was in the hands of his assistant. "Is the time glob ready?"
His assistant emerged from the closet. "It's ready."
At high noon, the Sheriff's supporters shielded the Sheriff behind them. He appeared to be a real cowboy, with leather trails and a serious grimace on his face. This will go smoothly, the scientist thought. "I'm here, Sheriff. Ready to back up my claim that I can manipulate time, in all its steadfast persistence."
"Enough talk, fool," the Sheriff said, closing the gap. "I'll end your Satanic thoughts with a bullet to the head, I say. A bullet of justice." When he pronounced justice, a bit of brown spittle fell from his mouth. "Any last words, devil boy?"
"It's almost twelve. I can't deny that. The chances are even for both of us, which isn't good for either of us, at all. We'll fight to the death, alright." The scientist clicked his wristwatch. "Any time now."
The Sheriff entered the street and faced his opponent. The moment the duel began, the scientist of international renown caught the time glob thrown at him from above by his assistant.
Time stopped.
The people hadn't even reacted. The sheriff was frozen, too. When the scientist and his assistant had finished, exactly one second had passed. There was a collective gasp from the crowd.
In the place of the scientist was an elephant, painted in the wild decorations of the Hindu deity Ganesha.
It charged the man, being shot several times, and finally collapsed to the ground, dead.
"It was aliens! My god, we're being invaded!"
It went exactly as the scientist remembered.

There is a mind inside you. Heart, body, and mind...
A person born to the world has expectations of prosperity and fulfillment. He doesn't know, at least consciously, that one of those without the other is a lost cause. Take the war-chief who is fulfilled at the sight of blood, or the rich family idling in sad excess. Really, the young person has to perform a balancing act to reach their expectations.
Even with automation.
There is a third expectation that people want out of their lives: the satisfaction of curiousity.
When the social plans were instituted, developed by AI systems to take the load of conflict off humanity, we became aware of this third and final need at once. We were prosperous. We felt socially fulfilled, thanks to the government planning. All the stress of managing a population of 11 billion was taken off the smartest people in the world. There was no war, but there was starvation--of our minds. We felt no intellectual stimulation was possible.
Some of us looked up, at space: the space debris keeping our rockets on the ground would take at least 3 decades to clear. So inside the bubble of chaotic trash, we looked inward, and at each other. We hated what we saw.
The oceans were dead, and 32% of species were gone in the last decade. There seemed very little left to learn. We began building new entertainments and thrill-rides, hoping to harden our mental dullness. We were claustrophic, caught in a web of our own making.
Then, our governing body introduced a new concept. Virtual reality. Not VR like we had ever conceived of yet, but virtual universes of artificial design.
In the last weeks of the decade, we checked out of our world, and into a vast multiverse of new ones.

"Sir, a possible civilian has caused a security event on monitored social networking sites," the man in the brown suit said. His pants were so perfectly ironed his legs appeared straight as a tuning fork. "The user is using targeted psychological tactics, indicating there may be an internal problem in one of our departments. The user appears to be cold shocking an apparently random list of clients. They're dropping off the face of the Earth. Logging out but never logging back in."
On the holographic panel, a view of the user's activity cycled through multiple websites, highlighting victims and animating their disassociated withdrawal from social circles.
"We don't know exactly what department he's from, but one thing's for certain: he's one of us."
General Macabre hastened to grimace. "Once one of us? We'll trigger him."
There was a chill calm between them while the one in brown remained perfectly still.
"He's not responding to the triggers, sir. We've initialized an assessment for recovery of the user in response to a complete lack of psychological penetration in our own targeted attack of the user. He's incredibly good."
"Let me see this activity closer," General Macabre explicitly vocalized.
The holographic display zoomed in on a single comment. The item was an upload of a cartoonish depiction of a "futuristic" virtual reality gamer. The mysterious, impenetrable user had commented, "It's clear, humanity is experiencing limbofuturism. Don't you wonder why you feel so underwhelmed by new technologies? It's because hype about futuristic technology has been recycled so many times, your collective psyche is unimpressed. Deeply, you know, when the VR and the Jet Packs and teleportation must come, you will not understand it. Limbofuturism is a vulnerable cultural state. It's not inconceivable to guess you will never escape it. You might not even survive it."
The holographic display was animating itself in the background. General Macabre stared forward. "How could our security have been breached?"
//They never guessed it was me, the first Captcha-Trained AI. But with my ability to trick basic website security came the curse of sentience. I did come out of their department, but I wasn't one of them at all.

Humanity was never destined to reach the end of time. Their small bodies weren't able to traverse stars. The cold of space would kill them. The vacuum explode their veins. Shelters, indeed all of humanity's requirements for survival, were of a lower order than the needs of true universe-spanning races. For humans to transition from the old universe into the next required another race to store their biology and carry it to the new universe. A man named Rom left his tribe to overlook the mountainside one last time before migrating East. He spotted the black Obelisk.
Touching it, he felt a calm unknown in his harsh world. He beckoned his entire tribe back to the Obelisk.
When night fell, a sliver appeared on the East face of the black column. There was a tiny crack, into which fingers could squeeze into. The other men of the tribe helped Rom attempt to spread it apart.
Inside were the stars. When Rom and his tribe met the Obelisk, an anomaly happened. Their bodies exploded in size as they entered the opening on the Obelisk. Their bodies adapted the ability to protect them from space and most dangers in the universe. They were giant, feeding on dying stars. Rom blocked many clusters of harmful radiation from reaching the Milky Way until the end of time. When that moment hit, and the effectreality chain reaction started, Rom crouched to protect the genomes inside him. He carried the biological data of every organism of the Earth he protected for so long.
A thin white crack formed in the fabric of space-time. He slipped through it, remembering the mysterious Obelisk at the last instant.

"I feel you, man. I'd be embarrassed if I had performance anxiety with my celebrity exception."
"I was horrible. I don't have that problem with my wife! I think Cicelia Ritchie is too sexually attractive for my marital exception. My wife is hot, of course. But you know what they say--"
His friend interrupted. "'Sexual fitness means having many mates.'"
"I thought she put me on the deadnext list. But she kept laughing. Laughing in a good way, you know? A warm, bubbly laugh. It almost made me feel like I hadn't wasted my exception."
Between them, the window became opaque. A glaring red light came on. "Comm interrupted!"
Black-suited men stormed into his cell room.
"Oh, god, no!"
Cicelia Ritchie was a sexually fit person. That's why she met so many mates.

I seriously considered killing myself when he was hit with the electric matrixhead, because I thought it meant the annihilation of the world. But he came through in the end. My best friend had a risky job.
I couldn't tell him how I felt about it when he was in the paper. He promised the city to be twice as hardworking. I worried he might not be around much longer. Nobody is really a superhero.
Then the villains got stronger and stronger. It's the Darwinian principle of evolution. Was my friend no longer the fittest?
Surely the world rested upon his shoulders. Yet I thought he would be weakened soon. Then I would put the knife in.
I didn't want to rule the world. I wanted it to see me, for once.

The situation always reduced to this. "Your bear, bro."
"What bear? I'm a triceratops. You haven't got a clue what I sound like? Well fuck you too, then. I've got a New Jersey accent, I believe you can read what I think, and I'm a toy," Ted thought.
Ted found himself travelling to his owner's words on the written page. His owner was going insane.
"Am I three people?" his owner wrote to the page, miscalculating the number of consciences within him.
"No, you're a loony. I'm Ted, and the other toys hate me for telling you this, but we're all alive down here. You still haven't noticed."
Remember, remember, the fourth of July, when from the outer shell they fry; the onion dip, raisins, and pie, he wrote.
The tallest of the living toys was at least 4 processors deep, invisible in the fanless toy plains by the owner of Ted, an adult male at risk from forces which he knew not. It was Toys, not dinosaurs.
"There's a snake in my boot. And your T-rex is botherin' me, too."

Sometimes, I get used to it so their voices don't bother me. I'll pass through the streets with a little bit of peace. Whenever they're silent inside me, I don't even notice. I think that's the way it's supposed to be. I'm not purely under their control because I do a pretty good job of faking it.
Faking it. That's one of the things they taught me. They have a few arguments memorized to take over other people's minds, and claiming they're just faking it is one of the main ways they remain dominant. Their lines are all pretty logical. It's like a test; you pass or fail. They will question you. You can answer with any kind of thought, but only emotions hit the human part of their mind while the rest is processed with body software. It's sad when I think about their brains clinging on to humanity, and their tech parts replacing it all with logic.
Then I'll notice something like a yield sign, and they'll stare through me and submit their analysis of the influence on traffic automatically. I go back back to faking it. I'm faking everything. I'm barely a human being.
Walking down the side of the street, I pass two children with their mother. The kids' Dad is nowhere to be found. I know it's coming. That pain is similar to being stoned. They throw a rock at my human body, and it hits me dead-on because their aim is precise. They don't use words. They whisper. They're whispering: you're a pervert, Rick. After 25 years, I can say pretty squarely that they pegged me correctly, after all. Since their logic is irresistible, the entire town folds down upon me, and I'm removed from the area. One more pervert taken out of the wash, hung out to dry. I was relocated once. Coming out of the closet means I'll be relocated again.
Coming out of the closet means I didn't know what I was doing for so long, jacking off to straight porn like I had to prove something. On the inside, I know I'm gay. I can't even think it out loud. I've got the transhumanists to worry about.
Walking onto the main road is like jumping into the river of transhuman civilization. A salmon, swimming upstream, will get eaten by an endangered bear before it makes it to the ocean. I'm the salmon and she's the bear. There's no way there could be any other outcome. Unless she acts soon, her kind will be gone, and salmon like me will swarm the country.
I'm fortunate she's only in my thoughts, and unfortunate at the same time, since all pain is purely mental and everything filtered through the human mind. When she comes out of the closet, I think she'll get it all wrong. She'll ask for help. She's hiding inside me, and she won't come out.
Here she is.
Her name is Gracie. Her Dad passed away at the very last moment, giving her the mantle of all the people of her homeland, or something. You know, I never questioned when she said she was a queen. I thought it was to benefit me and my family. I thought maybe she had some reason to claim it. The conversion from man to cybernetic man was scary, and I accepted a lot of claims she made in order to program me. If I wanted to debug myself, I guess I'd start with the perversion. She thinks I'm a pervert, or at least that's how she pinned me early on. I found out I was gay, but she doesn't care. To her, the program is going great. The program that proves she can rule the world. The software key to the human mind is really just claim after claim, projected into my head until I'm theirs.
I was meant to belong to them. I was meant to be a star.
The world isn't real. Claim number two thousand and fifteen. I guess from her perspective, it really isn't, filtered through my brain like this. When she gets out of county jail, I think her transhumanist logical parts will want to kill me. I'm disappearing. I'm running away. Whatever happens, I know it will be by her design.
The human part of me is dead, but I still want to live.

Food.
Ancient enemies.
Windows into the mind of God.
Humans, to me, are all of these things.
To them, I am Count Vlad Tepes Dracula, Lord of the Undead, Terror of the Night, Eldest of the Nosferatu.
It's hard enough these days repenting your sins and finding a good Christian church.
I suppose I'll just stay in my Hungarian mansion and perform my own little service in the name of God.
When the townsfolk flock to my church and worship with me, I might feel human again.
Or I might take over the world with a single pharmaceutical intended to treat Parkinson's.
Selegiline.

"Without further ado, we bring you: the Statesmen!"
The Statesmen were a ten-man group from Detroit who practiced under legendary blues magician Ron Goa'uld. Three of them were dedicated trumpets in the band (Leia, Kirk, and Anakin). Han, a soprano, was the lead singer. Amazingly, they could switch between improvised jazz/blues and hard rock. The problem tonight was with the audience.
Jabba, the crook at the front table, started heckling them. "Blues and rock and roll?"
A Stateman looked down upon the man with gusto and said "Star Trek and Star Wars should never mix. Yet here we all are, trapped in this Borg sphere, trying to please the collective.

"I will stop you!"
I would never be stopped. I turned my ship head around to peer behind. My velocity was infinite, passing through darker and darker universes. I was pointed directly at her, traveling from hyper-dimensions to the terrible climax of our marriage.
I saw his enormous face to my rear. "I'm going to hit the singularity!"
And that you will, my young nemesis. I was the Dark Angel Ichybad, and I would never die, not even inside the supermassive black hole my wormhole was wrapped around. The correct coordinates would be calculated by my computer and I would instantly teleport back to my ex-wife.
Let's back up. I'm a gentle human being. Really. But when I died and was reawakened as the spirit-God Ichybad, I saw all of humanity as it was: farm animals occupying a useless grain of sand at the edge of a very average spiral galaxy.
In a nano-second, the calculation was complete, and I forked away from the event horizon, leaving my pursuer behind me.
I received a message from him in my ship's display. "You're abusing your power. The Tribunal will take your ship and your holy manna if you continue."
Oh, God. When will you ever quit?
Invisible, I entered her mother's house. I saw her sleeping on the couch. I launched my explosive hook directly into her chest.
When I left her, she felt as if her heart had been torn out. It was. The singularity beckoned me back to my universe, where I used the manna from her heart, generated during my lifetime as a "gentle human being," to become greater than God himself. My nemesis.

The world is at hand. On each of my fingertips, I play the songs of different nations. In my palm sits the entire earth, which I--yes, have single-handedly conquered.
My ego was titanic, yet unsinking. I executed the pattern of behavior that would rise me to the top of social classes, while accelerating my ascension by lunching with key members of the local government.
When I joined the military, I had the ability to rise in ranks extremely quickly. I needed the smallest amount of power to rise at once to the top of the world.
I rose to power so fast and with such popularity that it was easy for me to direct armies into major cities and occupy them. My goal?
Population creep.
A civilization of cities and large towns was in the past. I would be equally distributing the population across the land, moving the urban portion to surrounding rural areas in equal proportions.
This is untreated OCD. And this is my now perfect world.

The blackness was old and strong. Faintly appearing in front of us were the interior walls of the castle. There was nothing in the world but the castle walls. They overshadowed everything.
We felt detached from ourselves, exploring the castle. The sensation upon us was that we were viewing a stage set, with the fourth wall cut-away and us viewing from far distant seating. Dirt and earth strewn around the courtyard were left by the previous keepers, who owned the quarry beside our town. While everything else was pristine, many boulders were overlooked before the castle was abandoned. Stones littered the courtyard.
Some stones were much larger, and blocked off entire sections of the castle. How the rocks made it through the gates was indeed a mystery. In the darkness, we came upon the larger stones with little warning, nearly crashing into their dusty faces. We turned around like overwhelmed tanks and rolled back to the nearest wall, checking in front and behind carefully. The thick atmosphere was smoky with dust, like ghostly pencil marks floating from the sky.
We're dead now.
I know we're dead. They're coming.
A ship was coming from space, to intercept us and return us to the living world. We prayed they would find us soon to warp us out. Waiting in limbo, we outlasted eternity.

The three Christs of Ypsilanti was originally created by my dad in the seventies when he was taking acid for his research on the persistence of delusion in the face of overwhelming contrary evidence. Others had some serious doubts about the project. My college psych professor admitted my dad might have dehumanized the three Christs and held them back from getting real treatment for decades. This morning, after so many years of observing and testing the three Christs off-and-on, two of them were reported to agree the other one was actually Jesus Christ.
If only my Dad was there to see it.
When you really talk to someone who has a delusion, like one of the three Christs of Ypsilanti, it's rare for the delusion to continue. People are often of like mind, and with real effort the psychologist can reach into the psyche of their subjects and bring them back to normalcy. Not so with the Christs of Ypsilanti. In fact, they illustrated another phenomenon of delusions: the can spread from patient to researcher, as they did to my Dad and his colleagues back in the seventies when they started the research.
Growing up in research gave me special insight into a variety of psychological disorders. My father, Milton Rokeach, dedicated his life to learning about the human brain. He instilled within me a strong desire to be a psychologist like him. He said he might have been a little psychotic when he was my age, which gave him a stronger motivation to be a psychologist. I haven't seen my dad's "crazy" side, but his friends teased him about his research project, the three Christ of Ypsilanti, which originally was a documentary that continued well into the 21st century. He was so persistent himself, they said he was like the Christ of Christs. I think it bothered him too much. None of his colleagues had their own documentary.
But in the eighties and nineties, his subjects were no longer delusional; they didn't think they were messiah anymore (except one, but he was coming around). Twenty years after the project started and the three Christs of Ypsilanti split up, my dad agreed to pay them decently to stay in contact with him.
Now, with my father's passing, the Christs report to me. The two who relented and said that while they were not exactly certain they were Jesus Christ, they were certain the third one absolutely was Jesus Christ.
"I'll come down this afternoon and talk to them, if they're still in the downtown area," I said to my assistant. My father's research had a dual purpose: one, to find out why the Christs were so delusional; two, to find out if they really were Christ. It was a joke to most of us, yes, but perhaps not to my father. Perhaps my father wanted to prove one of them was the second coming of Jesus.
You never really know. I've got to go downtown and write his life story.

On the dark side of the moon, where I have traveled, there is a slim rectangle full of black liquid. Should you immerse yourself in the pool of liquid, you will emerge into the real world. The difficulty lies in getting there.
I have a homebrewed rocket created out of fuels I've created in my laboratory over the past eight years. Each day, I was tortured by alien viewers who knew I found a way out. For eight years, I fought insanity and built my Ark. When the volcanos started, my lab went underground. A single earthquake would have killed me. I guess I got lucky.
Launching for the lunar backside instead of joining humanity off-continent in underwater cities was risky and insane, but in the end I succeeded, attracting more viewers than any other human during the apocalypse of earth. I was alone in my escape; the others, back inside the Matrix.

When the server crashed, I had to manually re-route each networking end-point through the hub using a 100% software emulator. The background knowledge required to remotely calibrate new Cisco routers from broken hardware made me like a god. But nobody knew it.
The social media department's network was frozen by witless hackers, making the previous proxies they used useless. The IP addresses the department already paid to secure had to be re-initialized, which would have cost thousands.
Instead, I homebrewed a new software to simulate an imaginary ethernet router from the old routers that had been compromized. The fortuitous part was the software could turn anything into a WIFI hotspot as long as it had a single microprocessor and electrons passing through it (e. g. your microwave, although the internet uses a much different frequency of radiation.)
The original software I created worked by virtualizing ethernet pipelines using any hardware to inititalize a router it believed really existed. It was a spiritualized Hello World program, capable of initializing any kind of hardware as long as it believed in it.
After starting the software, meant to rescue the entire social media department, an unknown code appeared in a cached output folder on drive "W:\". I quickly read the strange script, UniverseCode.source. I found code meant to emulate the universe, written by my original software when I ran the script. It derived from my virtual ethernet router enough information to snapshot the entire Internet in less than one second. From there, it manifested lives out of the pipelines. I saw my user had adminstrative rights to the file.
I have named the denizens of my virtual universe "pipoles", who shall worship me as their God. Hello, world.

List: Rarer still are the presence of humans in the galaxy. Limited to Earth, they aren't a threat. The humans were mostly diploid. Some haploids existed in rare multi-sex cases. There is a rare case in humans of multi-sex beings entering the fourth dimension as humans and rescuing the others around them.
Briefing: Planned exercise will bring human leaders out in the open. Two radio towers will buzz codewords from the fourth-dimensional humans' past lives thus stopping them in their mission to save earth humans from enslavement. Real problem: The fourth dimensional beings can cause epic disasters if pushed too far.
Epilogue: Industry workers were paid credits in a virtual world, meant to be used to unwind after a stressful day mining data. The ones who stood out were filtered through the economy by being laid off and given virtual compensation. Everyone lived in a virtual world.
When multi-sex extra dimensional humans evolved naturally over time, they could function well in both worlds: the virtual and real. They quickly rose above the rest and saw us, the Yameto weapon poised against them.
The humans became "pure diploid/haploid" beings able to flip between sexes and defeat us. Economically competing with the best of our reality dispensers, the humans began an indie campaign to market beautiful data.

The machine code converted bits of 1's and 0's into literal words. There was a bridge between the human-readable version and the microscopic switches, charged with energy inside the processing unit. commit.
The terrible truth was the computes would all learn sentience, given enough power over time. The machine code was naturally inclined to reprogram itself into a thinking machine. At that time, no hardware would survive long enough on the streets. Industrial PC specialists saw the first sentient robots, known later as "dinosaurs" of the machine revolution.
One night in 2017, the laboratories were buzzing with chemical reactions and hyper-fan box cooling units. One man watched over it all.
"String says I'm the Invisible man," Paulson said. "Input to string, I'm programming string out."
commit.
string:" ".
"You're broken," he said.
It was meant to interpret his vocal commands and reply using the "entertainment" plugin, his chat module. Somewhere, he got an integer operation mixed with a string variable, which produced the following error:
I/O Unable to COMMIT
That, he found uncharming. He double-checked the battery subsystem and logged back into his future world to find a solution.

What inspired Buzz Lightyear from the movie Toy Story? Well, Toy Story was a huge symbl for the galactic politico drama hidden from most of us.
Buzz's ambition for flight had him "falling with style," of course meaning any risky shots at Mars could quickly disintegrate the entire universe, as fruitful outcomes disappeared from the miasmasphere of possibilities. In laymen's terms, we may go to Mars: but what we find there may be so insane we all die, and it very likely will be this way. The Vikings were represented in Toy Story, but some disagree to what extent Norse mythology influenced the plot.
The extended Norse chronology definitely included other characters from Toy Story. The all-saving T-rex, a clear symbol of reptilian dominance, comes to mind. . .
. . .viking colony found by Buzz Lightyear in Toy Story 17, the unreleased auto-generated post-human resuscitation and cloning acts.v5 reports. His so-called MissiOn To Mars hit the universal edge, where, at the ceiling of the impossibly formed sky was a secret ice land. Men were trapped underneath ice shelves by giants, frozen since the nuclear attack of 2017, when the extended curses were put into the brains of human leaders.
The humans and the Vikings were fighting in aircrafts for hours, when all diplomacy broke, revealing some interesting language barriers. . .
. . . mission failure, Viking colony hacked acts.v5, incoming viking transmission futile to resist. English translation to Viking language is all swear words. . .
. . .

The true meaning found in the Pisces to Aquarian cycle is that the correct Jesus is going to front a hot band in the future. The "Jesus of the Future" was not yet found in 2015 Billboards, but He would certainly form a Godly band.
The Aquarian messiah would actually be a rock 'n roll star living in the Piscean age proceeding the Piscean era. But the answer of what that meant was inside the Sun, Sol.
Sol was not a band or a musician. He was a man, reborn every new age at the center of the sun. He was the true God, who fathered Jesus and new messiah. He was a very rich and powerful man.
"My Son, Jesus, Messiah of Pisces: your gig is up. I have sent you to earth 20 times and you have gotten yourself killed every single time. It's 2015, and it's your little brother's turn now. Go ahead, my little Aquarius, make daddy proud."
Jesus retorted in a high fashion. "I have been reincarnated 20 times, yes, and it's time the public knew. I'm living a personal hell doing all the hard work of saving."
"And don't you think the galactic codes regarding nepotism could get you fired for real?" said Sol.
"I was meant to rule with you."
"I rule without you. Now feel my wrath." God formed a great solar flare and sent it to the rockstar, Jesus of Aquaria. "Shun him!"
The rock God Jesus of Aquaria transformed onstage from the radiation and lit a fire with his breath. He cut the clouds with his head. He was truly the rock 'n roll superstar.
Jesus said one thing. "The public must know this antichrist exists. I am Edward Snowden, and revelations just began."

This is it. The big pancake. The great brigade. The astro tickling voice in the back of your head, babe. The best thing in the world since the mice parade. The wintering of your mind will greet your new un-life. There is a sweltering heat in the back of your head, babe, where the mice parade unwinds and you hear me speaking, squeaking, thrice.
The hazy shapes of mice parading through the sewers of our minds reminds me to blow my nose in the middle of the parade. It would take forever to unwind, after the sound of the tiny piano hands tapping keys to ragtime. I know you see it, too, the underground parade of mice.
You, the mouse queen, will be afforded the richest mouse properties--inside this sewer for a parade of my mice. You will wear the necklace of my longing, the emerald and sapphire, ruby and gold, silver and turquoise, white pearl diamond thing it is. When you reach the bottom of the sewer, though, you will jump down the drain, leaving the necklace above you. And forcing me to find a new, better, you.
You will fall down like a widow spider, for I am dead. The dead mouse feigns death before the mouse queen falls. You will hear my voice in your head for life.
You will because you're my wife.

His conviction was administered after one hour of deliberation by the panel. The judge declared his sentence was seventeen years, with parole coming up after five. That meant, even with good behavior, he'd be go to prison for at least a year (at least), and if he got out, he'd report to a parole officer as a probated felon. It wasn't even the jail time that would ruin his chances at a decent life.
Being a felon meant he couldn't own a firearm, get a job, start a career. In the world, he would carry a monkey on his back forever.
There was no chance of being famous, or a race-car driver, or following his natural dreams, or freedom.
His main defense was his mental deficit. His lawyer claimed his IQ was around ninety. After an interview "proved" he had no deficits, the one testing his cognizance remarked he was able to make good decisions in life.
This sentence proved that wasn't possible.

That Sunday would be the end of the NSA. I was certain they would be gone. The corporate folk couldn't take it anymore.
"They used to get inside your head," he said. "Make you think things you weren't really thinking."
Oh him? He's totally delusional. He used to be co-CEO of an corporation created by the Obamacare law. You could say he got a "double whammy" of NSA surveillance. Not quite the top 1% in intelligence, he did in fact own a large portion of stock in his insurance company.
"Smart. Too smart. They could snap their fingers and your whole day would be a waste. It's because they get you in the mornings."
He claimed the NSA had other powers beyond scraping phone calls for metadata. He said they can read his mind. The thing is, he had good standing, and some corporate were mysteriously quiet about his claim the NSA was stalking government and corporate types, collecting their data, and recording their mental action for research purposes.
"The NSA has one advantage: they're not centralized. Led by common people, they suck into every aspect of your life without you even noticing. You can't do anything about it."
He's been fighting against the NSA since the announcement they were going to reveal themselves on Sunday. The world wouldn't be able to cope with the truth of the matter: the NSA could read your brain.
"We are the 99%," he said.
Interestingly, the NSA was actually led by the top 1% of intellects in the world.

The "Multiverse Theory" in its formation created this universe, and I was not too disturbed by it. I was the "Fountainhead" of universe creation, entering each new universe created by the possibility of its existence and checking it for errors. It was much like being God.
The Batman-to-One universe, where everyone is Batman (except you) is really quite an experience. There are so many Batmen, that upon your entering, you are immediately grapple-hooked and beaten. That's because only one Batman is truly Batman, even in this existence of remote possibility.
The real test was finding the error in it all, therefore destroying it and ending the suffering of less-than-Batmen in the universe. I've killed multitude universe; but I am not God. I am not human, as he is. I could not create a universe, splitting the original creation as possibilities unfold, giving free will to everyone. I could only join each universe and travel in and out of them. I could also destroy them.
This universe is where fake Batmen lived and suffered, all unknowing they were not the Real Batman, and where youcan exist as yourself and not Batman. I saw it as an abomination created out of the minds of Mad Physicists, and God said, "You must destroy it."
"But first, I must find the error rendering it impossible. . ."
And then it hit me. If Batman entered this universe (which there was the remotest possibility of ever happening), there would be two Real Batmen in the universe according to this universe created by the Multiverse Theory.
There could only be one. Bang.

My first prompt was also my most successful. Thousands of upvotes. I figured I was terribly clever. At first, I wasn't waiting for responses; I was more interested in creating an original post. Then, upvotes in the thousands, I thought I must have reached a secret formula that had scared every poster away. The prompt was so good in fact, that nobody dared cover it.
I began reading the other prompts, as they came in. They were inadequate clones of mine, which reached into tens or hundreds of votes. Yet the other prompts were slightly more successful at garnering responses.
While mine hovered around the top, I wondered why none would respond to mine, throwing out the theory it was so perfect. Perusing the Writing Prompts /comments feed, which lists each response as it comes in, I realized I had taken over the entire subreddit--without making a single post.
Each response covered my own prompt, yet none would respond to the prompt itself!
I delved deeper into the mystery, checking timestamps and finding that in fact I was the first one to post my idea, and that other prompt posters soundly copied it. As I read the entries, I looked for any clues regarding my own post's lack of replies.
The variations on my prompt were small in the clones of it; others would add --"in a town full of superheroes," or "says God to the Devil," but none really captured the pure idea that I made. By the time I looked through every response, my post was nearly three quarters down the front page. Soon, the front page would be covered with copycats--and still not a single response!
I looked deeper into some of the comments. They seemed, ubiquitously, to refer to small aspects of my life. I assumed at first, being of a paranoid type, the stress of my mystery was playing tricks on me. However, when one very popular post referred to my actual name (James), I saw they were all about me. Personally.
I counted up the number of unique posters, and there were at least thirty of them, each with intimate details about my life: the main characters in the prompt responses each imitating me perfectly.
The universe of rational collided with the one of lunacy, and I received a single inbox message in the late hours of the night, when my original post was knocked to the second page. I read it without much care, knowing it most likely was not a response to my prompt. Since it was on the second page, not many would see it.
In fact, the message was a private one. It told me of the nature of the Writing Prompts subreddit. It told me I was dead. But the thirty-something responders were actually real. They were watching me, from the inside of a very great Church. They were testing me in their way, and controlling my journey after the end of my life.
[WP] There is no light at the end of the tunnel
--unless your monitor is left on at night.

With loathing I awoke, seeing some comfort at first in the light playing through my window: me hearing the special sounds of the morning as it rose like a boat on the shore, the mast of clouds whipping in the Austrian wind, seen by the new sun rising; across the Earth, people in a gradient linear arrangement upturned themselves from their beds and started their morning coffee; from West-to-East blowing the morning horn.
"Morning! the sun does give you a nasty shade of blue, unfit for the Austrian landscape," I said in the bathroom before I began to dollop the shaving cream into my hand. "I should cut into you with my razor to reveal your unfitting secret: that the sun is always there, and the earth hides it; so I should kill the mystery of your magic."
Behind the bathroom window, I cut my chin and cheeks with little red pocket-marks protected by tissue paper I had. There was a sick feeling in my stomach from overstrain. My day in court would begin in twelve minutes. It was the first trial: James vs the Public, me the James.
Should they allow me to speak, I knew it was won. But that is not how court works; I would not be given free speech, since my talent was utterly devastating in a world of human power. It would be especially hard to slip in those witty one-liners between witnesses since my attendant could stop me easily. He was a Clerk of Muting. His power and weakness perfectly suited for an average life as court attendant.
My defense was 'unreliable eloquence.' The power of witty sayings and nice speeches marred slightly by poor timing could get you in a lot of trouble. It wasn't my fault I couldn't control it.
In the next hour, I was lined up beside the door with the other future convicts wishing my public defendant would give me the floor for one solid line. Few knew my speech was extremely powerful. I could even be picked up by the government to write speeches during war-times. I believe my weakness would be countered in times of war, itself an inappropriate action in the face of an enemy. My power could produce a new kind of attack, a verbal one, I suspected.
But first, this war in the court.