A smile landed on his face and he looked forward towards the riverbank where trees' limbs were made into nets with vines and leaves, connected by undergrowth.
A glowing, otherworldly voice descended upon Raul as he crashed his bottom backwards into the river water.
A lake is like a natural watering hole.
A smash hit.
A game.
A game, it's brilliant!
A game!
A thicker nose, shorter ears, and of course, he changed his name.
A nuclear weapon.
A struggling writer cursed to be alone was on Facebook, watching his friends live their lives.
A tiny curl here, or an entire sweater was found on these men.
A felt mannequin known as a sock puppet was found in the Japanese man's room, which indicated an entire felt world lay behind his warddrobe.
A single man stood with his back to the door, and another one sat beside him, filming a pin up.
A drug deal in reverse.
A corpse in front of me, I backed away with the hammer in my hand.
A giant man.
A giant woman.
A giant hill.
A young girl answers the door.
A single microwave tower could defend against an entire army, pulsing painful sound waves into the heads of attackers.
A technical engineer, Nil Robinson, discovered the weapon could be used quite differently, however.
A pair of handcuffs.
A double sentence was issued.
A frozen cup of tea?
A man must have used his hands to warm the cup, some claim.
A challenging curriculum designed for secret double entendres and less obvious sarcasm.
A traffic officer gave Jeff a citation for the goods he had illegally gathered on the sidewalk.
A Magical Genie comes out when you polish it.
A real genie.
A fleshy, blurple smoke erupted from the top of the lamp.
A tiny green man was hanging on the inside of a light fixture he had apparently broken.
A human sperm plays quidditch.
A clown wasn't a big deal on Halloween.
A joke?
A piece of a man can be made whole.
A piece of its corpse settled on the thick.
A picture of a cardboard box with the words jobless me love you five dollars covering a man's head.
A new notification was listed.
A true gem, probably the last of its kind great games are never free.
A tarantula never sleeps.
A hand was in the toilet.
A human sized tarantula on all eights with a syringe strapped to his back plotted a course for the trapped nephew.
A shell of a human, he was yet dark on the inside.
A war fought by lifeless copies of myself will reduce human casualties nearly per cent.
A lot of things weren't supposed to be possible, yet many of them happened on Earth.
A tummy buzz!
A baby won the lottery?
A reference line was a direct connection to the Dark Lord.
A shadow below the workbench spoke to him.
A huge wind carried him down.
A highly dangerous mutant has escaped from medical.
A scandal of enormous proportions was brewing.
A pugilist racked his hand against the man's head and began screaming obscenities into his face as he collapsed, unconscious.
A game.
A pair of handcuffs.
A frozen cup of tea?
A war fought by lifeless copies of myself will reduce human casualties nearly per cent.
A baby won the lottery?
