He, Artheces, is the human born son of the dragon, the red robed disciple enchanted.
He, Artheces, will channel the gold and treasures of his Majesty's Royal Treasury into the heavens by flying the gold past the clouds into the metaphysical space beyond.
He was the living machine.
He pushed a prong into the hot dog, squatting before a roasting fire.
He maintained an aura of the predator.
He held his breath to silence himself and checked for any sound besides the fire.
He waded into the chest height river water to see the fish.
He killed the Devil.
He dunked his entire head before he rose above the surface again to find the source of the voice.
He had built it in a dream this morning, he thought.
He was asleep, then.
He would have been caught anyway.
He was so stupid.
He forgot the fish floating downstream.
He became known as the Grim Reaper.
He was working for the Air Force and doing other things for a living as you probably know from the Left Behind series.
He thought, if aliens rapture only some of us, then what will that mean for the ones Left Behind this time?
He remembered that feeling of being left behind.
He wouldn't let it go down like that.
He fought hard in the polls, but democracy was a joke.
He joined Nicolae.
He had to.
He doesn't want dirty sex with a potentially diseased girlfriend.
He's probably awake.
He was talking to himself.
He and the others who knew of the Ark must remain quiet.
He started the steaming stream of water.
He worked undercover, and he could blow the whole plan if he ditched work on the day of the flood.
He wiped his face clean and gave his inlaid mirror one last look.
He woke up in this house with his wife and two kids after the first attack.
He lived like a tiny polyp, blending in the coral.
He lost his daughter in the explosion.
He swung the door open.
He saw the escape.
He could go through the door while the cops held it open, and wear the police badge he purchased at the worksite above ground.
He knew very little about this post nuclear world, but was willing to take his chances.
He wanted to find Noah.
He lunged at the first cop, pulling his baton out and hitting the second man out of the door.
He was pushed back into my house, with his wife crying at him to stop.
He turned on the television so their deaths would be recorded.
He had a job to do.
He performed rock'n'roll with his human counterparts.
He was banished by the elves after the Community of Elves concert got out of hand.
He lived in California, blending in with humans by imitating characters from the Grand Theft Auto games.
He grew up being the butt of many jokes.His father was a human man.
He threw spittle in the face of the barber, who seemed to not mind at all, given the circumstances.
He's on the cloud, she said, examining the square of his skin which had been removed.
He's become a damned Zorg.
He could see everything.
He had summoned beings since very early in his life, starting with chimeras.
He moved up to human babies, and eventually, pseudo omniscient or all knowing ones.
He said, I am good.
He remembered the dystopian world he came from, where detectives never ruled out abhorrent human behavior.
He could eat you whole.
He could eat us all in one big bite.
He pushed on the backside of the sitting Buddha.
He then returned to the tractor in the clearing, and manned the thing himself.
He brought the swing ball around the pole a little more slowly.
He keeps my head on straight.
He demonstrated his new tactic at Guantanamo Bay.
He runs the primitive black market in America.
He folded his clothes with the imprecision of someone who doesn't care, or perhaps, has poor motor control.
He scrubbed and mopped the floors, but the bucket seemed affected by gravity in disturbing ways.
He reached up and grabbed the upside down bucket in the air.
He would go outside and join the team of astronauts in their spaceship.
He almost felt normal.
He realized that he was his own spaceship.
He had drunk himself to sleep.
He was torturing himself with indecision, and loneliness.
He or she will think like a child.
He thought the new brain enhancements were like clubbing the head with a mallet.
He wasn't alone in this thinking.
He appeared genuinely to have been roughing it in an urban environment, as told by the modified bag of chips he wore for socks.
He was staring down God, in a way.
He was staring down the stupid people who acted as if nothing had happened, and one of the points at the apex of his vision came to represent God, the deity who had let Jeff down.
He scrumped up in the couch and I think he almost said, Pass, until he saw the polish in my hand.
He handed the golden yellow incense burner to me and I lifted up its tiny, unhinged lid.
He's losing good men to electric fences.
He asked me to keep it under the limit from then on.
He was hunched over his steering wheel, waiting for atypical activity in Rattan.
He slammed on his brakes, the bastard, and I jumped out of my car, and rushed the driver side, mouth hanging agape to protect myself from my own weapon.
He's walking home from school and he doesn't know what's in store.
He was so strange.
He questioned rarely the extra business going on with his adopted parents.
He was easily pacified with simple answers to explain the extra cash and the strange hourly work schedule.
He went to his mother and asked what kept her going through the first years of their first gift shop.
He apologized for not finding out sooner, and went to work that day with a grave new understanding of the nature of his adoption.
He burned their house down, and made it look like a meth lab explosion.
He said, I believe they didn't mean any harm, to the police.
He found balloon swords to be very easy, a loop twist for the handle, and bam!
He could tell they were.
He was a psychologist clown.
He approached the disillusioned women.
He did have a sword.
He aimed for the mouth.
He tied a man's neck with the sword, and made him beg.
He made him beg for mercy.
He's requesting lunch.
He says he really respects that, and the business ought to read from your book.
He was an executive from Microsoft.
He didn't even know of Earth... Stacy lived her average life, not worried about going to Hell.
He was a dark man, and I felt the darkness passing on to me, so I escaped.
He came to my apartment door.
He took out my trash and we cleaned house a bit.
He became an IT professional.
He didn't have time to finish me.
He eventually forgot what I was all about.
He loaded the app.
He thought nothing of it and put the phone away.
He checked the message.
He heard a trickle of water.
He checked the bathroom faucet, and it was on.
He felt claustrophobic.
He grabbed his cell phone to text the realtor.
He shook the phone to watch the dice animation.
He returned to the bathroom and sat upon the toilet.
He shook the phone again and noticed the production values, particularly for the artwork of the game, were excellent.
He flushed the toilet, and noticed red.
He reeled, pants off, and jumped out of the bathroom, nearly falling into the fireplace.
He forgot about the phone, and never stepped foot inside the house again.
He was agent .
He fell seamlessly through the building riding the elevator to the first floor and jumped into the car.
He traveled in airplanes, busses, and trains to anywhere in hell.
He was unable to speak.
He would be found and his brain would explode.
He avoided myxomatosis by immediately shelling his consciousness into a more simple routine: disguised as a simple demon, he passed through the gatekeeper without complications.
He thought I should not have linked it.
He wanted to take a look at my copy of the file later.
He stormed the national government.
He was speaking to a reporter, and answered me simultaneously.
He raced to the finish line, as those racing types say, and with suffocation mumbled his displeasure.
He travelled again to , through sheer effort of interstellar will, and made history.
He painted a mural so devastating that all would be touched upon viewing.
He buried it underground, for centuries to pass above.
He was walking to tell them all.
He was walking to free them.
He walked, for life, liberty, and in pursuit of a happiness that was so far and away from what anyone had felt in ages.
He knew what was going wrong, he knew who did it, he knew how they got everything done behind closed doors, without accountability; inhuman; monstrous shadows; human shells of themselves; broken, like him.
He always walked briskly, but usually with no direction.
He entered the bathroom behind the fount and barked his commands.
He was non compliant, and after a severe beating, was knocked unconscious.
He had won a station on the Death Star for getting a high score on this training mission.
He used a reference line to make this happen.
He ordered us to miss our shots to extend airing time.
He took a hard pull of his pipe, Wishingwater, and began.
He thought he had seen a certain car, but surely it must not be.
He hadn't seen a plethora of green shavings in this hue, this precise hue, accumulated in this quantity, before.
He found a monkey wrench and pretended to inspect it, gazing at the skim pile of paint shavings under his brow.
He was in his firefighting suit, having saved a family from a housefire.
He would need his Javascript for Dummies, instead.
He had travelled to the future and met Mark Twain his future self.
He's very upset he lost his job and is threatening to find a lawyer.
He's taking off his shoes and throwing them at the receptionist.
He wants to call his lawyer.
He will be the first against the wall.
He was just doing the math.
He had been hallucinating for days, of mirages which created great waterfalls and fields of flowers on the horizon.
He began to tell a colleague of his reasoning.
He suffocated and the people climbed on him, with dead employees of the White House underneath.
He, Artheces, is the human born son of the dragon, the red robed disciple enchanted.
He, Artheces, will channel the gold and treasures of his Majesty's Royal Treasury into the heavens by flying the gold past the clouds into the metaphysical space beyond.
He's on the cloud, she said,
 examining the square of his skin which had been removed.
he asked.
he shouted.
he said.
he said.
he cried.
HE IS A FRAUD.
