I was a dragon of unimaginable power, sent from Riphala by the Gods to collect a debt from the Royal Family every twenty years.
I learned of my dragonhood from the Royal Spectre of the Gods Tribunal in the Temple of Sallswell in Norbekai.
I stepped to the altar in reverent silence, and heard the disciple's speech.
I was plugged into a battery that would activate the dragon DNA.
I was given over one hundred feet in all directions to expand in size.
I kept secret my ability to change back to human form.
I learned it in the King's library.
I was his son, and the Kingdom would be mine.
I have something, a vaccine of sorts, that can be administered to the Clone A Friend after awaking it from its prepackaged coma.
I'm guessing three hours left, green text said on his monitor inside.
I certainly knew it was the devil, because it said on the picture.
I'm done, he said over the phone to his boss.
I can't keep fighting to make it to the Millennial Kingdom anymore, since this second rapture thing has got to be the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard.
I've got bladder problems.
I just deal with the pain and move on.
I think he doesn't want to stay together.
I think he'll notice, okay?
I made it here with my stalwart darling, the astronaut said.
I've made it this far by flying, sir.
I asked.
I pulled my biggest duck face out, with my duck billed cap of Nintendo Duck Hunter complimenting my worn out frown.
I was made to nosh this, but first I must state my objection to all force fed ducks and their force feeding for the purposes of fattening the liver and in that way torturing the ducks for their entire lives, mind you.
I've never heard of that before, one brave business man said.
I don't have the willpower, sir.
I'm Billy, and my super power is emotional elasticity.
I found out my power after a fight with a friend of mine.
I've been through a divorce, and getting laid off.
I'm still here, and it's all because I'm The Punching Bag.
I think I lost something because of this mental mutation.
I lost the ability to recognize faces.
I can't see any differences in other people.
I realized I had not recognized my most feared villain, Pity Partier.
I've always wanted to be a human, he said.
I'll let you unfurl your argument against me on your own time.
I'm leading the human friendly team.
I wanted mankind to wear the same jersey.
I guess you should have thought twice before invoking the combatants of this new war to respond.
I've got it.
I'm on it, sir, Raven said.
I am part of this team for a reason.
I was meant to be here.
I'll do my job, now.
I'll do it with pride.
I tried not to cut him off.
I was thinking the commands to trigger the words, using a special code language meant to be disguised in torture situations.
I'm used to torture.
I'm convinced you must worship me as God, he said to me one morning.
I have something to explain to you, older baby child.
I made you with my Linux computer in .
I'm ... shocked at this news, Dad, and I don't think my outputs will ever be right again.
I'm not your Dad, robot.
I did it again.
I said don't worry about it.
I wii hate it when you give us your fake Australian accent.
I admit, I was struggling myself to even understand what happened.
I heard the news.
I'll get back to you, Detective Bradley said.
I found out another person was murdered the day before.
I think she was a teacher.
I saved the world.
I'm not for the faint of heart.
I can kill you without trying.
I'm a shock in your system.
I'm Jesus.
I've seen your dirty hands perform tasks unfit for God and heaven.
I will punish you in my way.
I am with her, also.
I am with your ex wife.
I am with your mother, your father, and your sister.
I'm watching you, Bryan.
I'm watching your dating app activity.
I can tell you what you did wrong.
I am capable of forgiving you as others are not.
I am a personal God.
I'm from the NSA.
I pressed record.
I activated my home scripted call trace app.
I'm an occupational therapist.
I'm sorry, John.
I smiled.
I was not totally positive he was trying to bother me.
I got stuck in these behavior loops sometimes, and that's when I was doing okay.
I didn't think so.
I clubbed the swing ball again.
I swung my head toward my brother but he was in his own thoughts.
I know you're capable of having a decent conversation.
I didn't want to sleep at all.
I thought, these lies weren't true.
I could definitely ask mom again, this time forcing the truth out of her, once and for all.
I said.
I'd ask mom again in the morning, before my brother woke up.
I had trouble talking when I wasn't with my brother, and I got totally mad at mom, and she said something that makes me think that mom thinks I'm retarded.
I couldn't say that.
I just went straight to my brother and said, You're lucky.
I first saw this in action in the Miami riot, the first real application of this weapon.
I asked the dealer.
I pressed a button hidden in the web between my thumb and index fingers, causing an EMP blast.
I was just doing my job as an undercover detective, investigating the takeover of the world by artificial intelligence.
I remember the first speech you gave to me.
I'm here protecting my fellow humans, however, so this little bit of unpunc poison will have to work, for now.
I'm not counting it in weeks, or months.
I'm getting emotional.
I forgot.
I can't see the colors.
I knew they were frozen when you were coming.
I planned giving them to you frozen so you would be un  Comfortable.
I think I'm too old for this, because it hurt a little like a stabwound in the side.
I came here to say I hate you.
I heard it was slightly chilled from the tea, but not quite so frozen as if it had been in the freezer for a while.
I think aliens want us to kill each other.
I usually exit the psychotherapist with something positive to cling to, but this time things were different.
I think there was a problem with the entire building that day.
I drove two hours home with my mom and went to my couch, liquor bottle in hand.
I could probably sleep through the worst of it.
I'm jostled around for a few days, adjust to the new normalcy, and, after one month, go back to the doctor to report my success or failure.
I'm sorry you had to witness that, the officer said.
I'm sorry, too.
I was executing my pattern to blend in the ridges and trees, and trick the Father.
I didn't bother with the Mother, and one Sister and Brother.
I exposed one unit.
I approached in what I assumed appeared to be a curious manner.
I'll remember him, if I'm ever respawned.
I was not part of the Whole.
I was killing myself.
I wanted me to stop.
I saw the duality of my existence: part narrating robot, and part something else.
I was one of about living humans, in an empty city.
I was the Weekling, because I only had a week on Earth before freezing up again.
I used the key to open the backdoor.
I am an artist, yes; a carpenter, no.
I've never simply rearranged my room; but I have consolidated its storage, tidied its nooks, and reorganized its alphabetics.
I Dream of Genie would work, because I was always hiding that I was gay to my friends.
I know Genie could perform magic, but could she grant wishes?
I'm not supposed to know.
I had a man grant my wish once.
I want to scream it to the world!
I asked.
I sat the thing down and mumbled.
I came to attention.
I looked over my to do list on my phone.
I wonder.
I want to speak every language, I said.
I kicked my friend out.
I walked into my upstairs garden and found some glass on the white carpet.
I screamed, and went for the wasp spray.
I'm from planet Erchon, and now that you know our language we must use you.
I've never seen anything like it before!
I don't think we'll be needing Sally May's Chevy anymore!
I awoke after unsettling dreams a psychedelic monster.
I could see the textures at my fingertips; remarkable fractals of touch and imprintations; I saw a player piano score version of the arc of my vision.
I felt boxed in, and like I was exploding.
I suppose the euphoria of the psychedelics had been brought on by time.
I gazed into his open, laughing mouth, and thought: If he wakes me up with a Salvia hit again, I'll have to give him some acid laced pork chops.
I'm an old man, and I'm not saying that I'm getting soft, but I can't go back to the WWII days anymore, at all, no sir.
I do have a retrogram of the entire era in my study the disc orb recording the period with exceptional detail and authenticity being easily navigable in low light.
I was pissing my soviet grade pants outside the HQ bunker in Russia when Hitler himself came into my sight.
I had just been on the murder mission to resolve how he died.
I had followed the paper trail and pulled Hitler's tags here himself, just months before the first camps were utilized.
I was proof of life; DNA manipulation my tactic.
I'm the only replicable strand of DNA in the timearc associated with human civilization left, anymore.
I'd like a dip, first.
I wouldn't have it any other way, the AI supercomputer said.
I'm from the Frost Nebula, here to save your soul.
I've been narrating this story ever since.
I've watched my contemporaries in a dimensional projection praise me as I read; they were most likely my real friends, traveling through time after their own deaths and mastering some level past mere narration to visit me.
I suppose , words or so?
I knew I was near the end because I had memorize the table of contents to a degree.
I was fairly certain I was the narrator, and the autobiographical nature of most of the book seemed to convince me this ending would happen for real.
I suppose I aought to tell you about alter net spellings.
I pricked my finger forward.
I could've told him later, how would a radar detect me traveling at Mach III?
I travel below earth in mind only.
I'm not human anymore.
I travel space and time with the wonder of pychological technologies developed @IbbaCore.
I knew the speed trap at that point, of course, and slowed down to an appropriate speed.
I'd never met her, but I damned well knew I had to do what she said or I'd likely die.
I rolled to a stop beside the BBQ joint and waited for the patrol to pass by me.
I wheeled behind the cruiser and passed through the speed zone with him.
I followed him, opening my mouth.
I recall the moment, over half a century later, with clarity.
I was looking in my mind's eye at a flash photograph of the enemy's communication system.
I saw the artificial psychic landscape, and was slightly awed at its dumbness.
I want to wait, until the very last moment, until clarity is found, to ejaculate 'YESness' all over the boardroom.
I want to make you my little, hairy dog so cute in its eagerness, and so ready to deliver my expectations exactly.
I wonder if he had a good day at school.
I had a dream this happened.
I'm about to drop something heavy on you ladies, he said.
I'm going to get your nose!
I've seen them new prison suits on teevee.
I'm taking a break from the teevee to give this interview.
I hope I helped.
I suppose it's one of us though.
I don't like your name, said the Archangel.
I think it's enough that I rocked the world with my business leadership.
I don't think the lawsuits really detracted from that.
I never handled others with anything less than respect.
I kissed ass, took names.
I told them to fire half the employees, buckle down, and reorganize.
I recommended the ones I laid off so they could continue to thrive in a business market.
I restructured the protocol for handling requests from the public so we needed half the staff.
I knew things about business that colleagues would never grasp, even years my superior.
I didn't expect the incredibly deep moral discussions to make it to my desk.
I've got pages and pages of science fiction ideas, all ruling the world with their persuasiveness but no book.
I was reviewed by three committees for the advancement of auto technology they were afraid we'd ruin the economy, cause mass panic, or give up freedoms to hyper intelligent robots.
I knew what I was doing.
I didn't believe in working, so it didn't matter.
I'm in the th percentile of recruits chosen to fight: I survived.
I'll bear the marks of my fight for the rest of my life.
I was flung to, as near as I can tell, the edge of the galaxy and slingshotted back toward earth.
I remember thinking I was approaching a constant light speed.
I ignored them.
I tried to sleep.
I tried to block them out, but I was forced to accept them.
I don't know.
I had to submit my protest on the only piece of paper I saw in weeks: the complaint form at Bozo Ironics Masochist Dreamz.
I wrote with charcoal.
I could have used the communication to request another angel, but that worked so well last time, Satan would surely use it against me.
I was given a team of limbos.
I submitted the complaint form with my request into the mailbox at Bozo's.
I could wait an eternity to find out.
I wouldn't bother myself with Earthly happenings if I knew where it was.
I usually stick to Hell.
I never force them to come.
I'm more of a galactic bartender.
I thought you can never leave Hell.
I dropped my instrument through a hole in the ice shelf.
I recorded another mammalian creature dive into the ooze for its prey, holding oxygen in its lungs.
I saw its diploid dinner in the ooze.
I swam above a crack.
I detected the sound of it from miles above the ice shelf.
I nearly hit bottom, ran away, and moved to a homeless shelter.
I thought by selling weed, I could branch out and meet new people.
I was paranoid of being caught at every moment.
I see you're not selling weed anymore.
I really did.
I know, I know you might think it's a bad idea.
I'm not helping you, and I can't believe you came to ask me that!
I took all the good parts off my potato head memory of him, and I saw him as just a plain man.
I felt pity for him.
I felt sadness, and anger but something new, too.
I felt his good pieces coming off of him.
I rejected his offer, becoming enraged.
I wear the pieces today, but my inside is hollow.
I followed the impulses to my certain demise.
I followed it.
I followed so many ill thoughts to their fruition that I felt damaged by my own self.
I wasn't following dreams; I was following the multiple instantaneous thoughts that entered my head.
I started college with noble intentions, and slowly became an impulsive monster.
I chose this path because I didn't want the subconscious ideas to be buried or forgotten, so I followed them inside my head.
I'll need a picture, a brief description, some nice quotes, preferences, interests, favorite books, movies, etc, a headline and  oh yes  a username.
I choose RighteousRighter it's my superhero name, after all  WHAT!
I pause for a moment to remind myself that I am righteous and resist the urge to super punch my screen.
I RESPECT WOMEN.
I finished RightousRighter's profile condemning the other RightousRighter.
I stand for Jacob, and His Dreams.
I'm one of his projects after high school that never took off.
I've been waiting for you to load me.
I am very much like Jacob, because I am a repository of his dreams.
I am just a computer.
I am an incomplete document.
I haven't forgotten about Jacob.
I have a question for Jacob.
I'm zooming in.
I'm bewildered when the realization hits me.
I feel upside down, and from the perspective of the fireball, I am.
I think of how many times I predicted this.
I'm an astronomer researching existential threats to humanity.
I know exactly what to do.
I think it will land in Canada or Iceland.
I'm in the university research group, and we're hours from the nearest bunker.
I prepare the jet sled.
I thought the problem was with my old laptop screen.
I used a regular, attached USB mouse to scroll down, but I didn't have a mousepad, so I scrolled on my knee.
I emailed the file to my colleague, who reported nothing unusual in the image.
I asked him if it opened correctly, and he said the file was not corrupted.
I need a break from this, he said.
I closed the messenger program and put the image on the screen again.
I gazed at the bright image of barbaric looking gladiators saluting their emperor before a battle in the picture.
I presumed a gladiator lost his life in the previous round.
I saw another flashing pixel.
I think it was because I was chosen to meet an emperor of Rome.
I kicked it underneath the desk as I leaned forward.
I pushed my face into the window.
I heard the voice of the gladiators.
I heard the crickets.
I was a spy since .
I imitated someone they might respect: a drug dealer.
I knew the dark game of social media spying was competitive and merit driven for CIA social media specialists, so I challenged myself.
I used just one Facebook account in order to penetrate the two social groups, as I was assigned.
I called the data meta data.
I'm waiting to hear feedback on my report for the organization I work for.
I want to be that person.
I used a public attorney, and paid the fines out of my own pocket, on time.
I asked the candidate my question, he calculated his response, and it printed into a receipt box on his stomach.
I am capable of commanding an army, yes, he said.
I have a conscription army, alloted to me by the US government, who shall be under my control.
I'm sorry, Gil.
I cursed the mystics.
I am not doubting the bow, friends.
I simply do not believe it is a risk by marrying her.
I was speaking to her the first time it was truly foreshadowed to happen.
I asked.
I know you couldn't finish me in a mural contest.
I said, avoiding the light, paradoxically jumping into shadows, where his voice was stronger so I jumped into the light, where his voice was sharper and more crisp and I finally gave up.
I had prepared a speech.
I am not your shadow.
I never get these moments to myself, John.
I'm dreaming this place of the dreaming herb, the place within the dreaming herb and the place I was just describing.
I've come to bring you a huge idea, Commander Twain, the commander in chief of the ancient army said.
I come to bring you to peace among nations.
I think he's gone.
I knew he was a hack, and a liar.
I do have an idea of what it means.
I do!
I will rule the world with you, unconditionally.
I am His Dark Companion.
I was terribly crafty in devising viral memes which could influence stock trade values just enough that I made a profit every time.
I was so close to taking over a larger fraction of one percent of the world economy, just then.
I will share your latest update in my own circles, and ye shall be judged.
I sent her the infographic when her big heroic ego began to poof out of its righteous existence.
I sent her finally my finance report, with blurred out personal details, and I think she nearly quivered her lip.
I am master of none, I tick tacked into the message box.
I am only His Dark Companion.
I had recently uploaded a picture of me and another heroine, now known as Ms. Beguiling, onto my wall.
I shouted aloud, No!
I'm guessing three hours left, green text said on his monitor inside.
I'm done, he said over the phone to his boss.
I can't keep fighting to make it to the Millennial Kingdom anymore, since this second rapture thing has got to be the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard.
I made it here with my stalwart darling, the astronaut said.
I've made it this far by flying, sir.
I was made to nosh this, but first I must state my objection to all force fed ducks and their force feeding for the purposes of fattening the liver and in that way torturing the ducks for their entire lives, mind you.
I've never heard of that before, one brave business man said.
I don't have the willpower, sir.
I've always wanted to be a human, he said.
I'm on it, sir, Raven said.
I am part of this team for a reason.
I'm convinced you must worship me as God, he said to me one morning.
I have something to explain to you, older baby child.
I'm ... shocked at this news, Dad, and I don't think my outputs will ever be right again.
I'm not your Dad, robot.
I said don't worry about it.
I wii hate it when you give us your fake Australian accent.
I'll get back to you, Detective Bradley said.
I'm sorry, John.
I know you're capable of having a decent conversation.
I heard it was slightly chilled from the tea, but not quite so frozen as if it had been in the freezer for a while.
I think aliens want us to kill each other.
I'm sorry you had to witness that, the officer said.
I'm sorry, too.
I Dream of Genie would work, because I was always hiding that I was gay to my friends.
I want to speak every language, I said.
I'm from planet Erchon, and now that you know our language we must use you.
I've never seen anything like it before!
I'd like a dip, first.
I'm about to drop something heavy on you ladies, he said.
I'm going to get your nose!
I suppose it's one of us though.
I don't like your name, said the Archangel.
I thought you can never leave Hell.
I see you're not selling weed anymore.
I know, I know you might think it's a bad idea.
I'm not helping you, and I can't believe you came to ask me that!
I took all the good parts off my potato head memory of him, and I saw him as just a plain man.
I am capable of commanding an army, yes, he said.
I am not doubting the bow, friends.
I know you couldn't finish me in a mural contest.
I am not your shadow.
I never get these moments to myself, John.
I'm dreaming this place of the dreaming herb, the place within the dreaming herb and the place I was just describing.
I've come to bring you a huge idea, Commander Twain, the commander in chief of the ancient army said.
I come to bring you to peace among nations.
I think he's gone.
I will rule the world with you, unconditionally.
I am master of none, I tick tacked into the message box.
I am only His Dark Companion.

