My ascension started when I found out I wasn't really a man.
My conception of the devil was wrong, he said.
My whole mother's side gets UTI's like crazy.
My current boyfriend just doesn't understand.
My stalwart darling; the one who wanted a Caesar.
My brain does stop negative emotions from flowing from my closest friends.
My tribe will overcome this.
My name is Wii.
My purse contains many things that can help you.
My name is Bryan.
My brother's buddy my brother was a social chameleon hi fived the orange swing ball with little effort and it came a swinging on back to me.
My brother wanted to take a nap, but sleep is for the weakening and the decrepit.
My brother threw his napkin at me.
My imagination ran wild.
My god, I can't imagine it being that expensive to make.
My god, it's unbelievably stupid so many had to die for that, the soldier said.
My doctor said I'm very good at explaining, as she dismissed everything I said and passed me on to the receptionist.
My kitchen cabinets needed remodeling, so I hired a company.
My God, it was full of stars!
My tactile sense was intermixed with the other senses in a most disorienting and terrifying way.
My abilities include time travel on the era scale.
My chapters had no title, so I had no idea what to expect.
My mire upon mires.
My wolf among wolves.
My home was destroyed in a housefire.
My God, it's hell on Earth.
My secretary was flattering.
My fighting stopped.
My father the bitter, selfish, angry, horny man that he was contacted me by asking around at the homeless shelter.
My dad plain, round, brown, and lumpy, expressionless yet knowing left me with nothing but a stick on pieces of himself.
My name is JacAnHiDre.
My calculations are quick, but practiced.
My business is online now, Caesar.
My mouse fell from my knee, tethered by the cord.
My job with those accounts was much more complex.
My wonderful wife, smiling, said her vows.
My own research has led me to believe that Hitler was...
My conception of the devil was wrong, he said.
My stalwart darling; the one who wanted a Caesar.
My purse contains many things that can help you.
My name is Bryan.
My god, I can't imagine it being that expensive to make.
My God, it was full of stars!
My business is online now, Caesar.
