THE GREATEST EFFECT WAS MADE BY BREACHING into the individual's personality. I touched the man's temples. He was lying on a flat hospital bunk in the throes of death by appendicitis from radiation exposure ten years previous.  Breaching was impossible through mere observation. The psychopomp must insert his own mind into the realms of the other. That was my task. The job was risky. If I felt myself breaching and attempted to turn back death would commence without an angelic host. A full breach as instructed by the pruny Head Psychopomp of Terrestria Beta required just a few minutes of unwavering acceptance. The human could be breached sooner if he was closer to death. Then he would become a cherub of one of our heavenly neighbors in the outermost cloud of the Milky Way galaxy. I felt the man dying and accelerated the process as I had been taught. First he told me of his desire for the alien to leave. I removed the holographic image of the Head Psychopomp. The alien in his true rounder form smiled as the picture went out. The man imparted to me his will to die. Goodbye then I said focusing on the fingers channeling the angelic host. Goodbye Turner. You were a good man Sergeant ames said. As the sergeant lifted Turner's head closer to the open window the body killing chemicals reached Turner's muscles and he began to seize. His heart stopped. Within three seconds I removed my hands from his forehead and reactivated the hologram of the Head Psychopomp. The alien signaled okay. Turner had made it to Terrestria Beta. The aliens entered the birth room in human skins where the baby form of Turner could be seen in the pod crying hysterically. That was to be expected from the shock of finding oneself to be a baby on another planet although indeed he maintained his full mental faculties and more. The former body of Turner body was limp. A nurse carried it off to be preserved interrupting the stillness of the white curtains in the window. The other methods of angelic hosting were used for those who were not dying and were all considerably less draining on the psychopomp. For those transfers the exercise was more of a personal learning process. Spirituality as it was called was not exactly on the top of Turner's priorities. His transfer was most trying on my psychology. Before Blow Up Ship psychopomps were unconscious of their roles.  Ten years earlier... The formal winnings were scotched up into their accounts. I knew because I was monitoring their phone activity after the contest. I was across the world in my American science station. Call Concord the leader said The albatross is ours. Buy more koi put them in more ponds and let me prattle on at intervals to the effect of our own congratulations! His name was Kreg. The line echoed from wall to wall of their open ended warehouse. His colleague was on the pay phone outside. New Zealanders were queer. Oh best friend. What a load of quid! his colleague said. No more ticking away the days to that insane carnival of a competition. Emily! Our automaton is motionless. Best you animate it? A woman on another line on a cell phone. Emily said I'm awaiting the intermezzo. It is quite strenuous controlling the humanoid animatrons! We must present our designs for the other crafts immediately. We will Kreg said. Say something meaningful you cloudy scientist! A fundraiser for our tank! she said. We must begin to raise money. I feel a strong state pride at this moment. We shall outlive the foreign robots in the sky which have made us tremble! Their voices echoed in the open science complex.  She said Let me go outside where the koi live. A door slammed shut on the line. Floating among the fish is scum illuminated in stratified sunrays. It will be a beautiful home for our new fish.  For the other employees and researchers at their New Zealand complex Blow Up Ship was the catalyst for a cumulonimbus careera future of greatness was their concern. After peace and harmony the other natural goals were to improve their remote control technology. Also they wanted more money; yet it seemed as if they had made their mark upon the entire course of history.  Despite the historical significance of their work the Society for Under Estimated Technologies felt their invention was missing something. What could it be? They had no insider sources or connections and therefore no way to follow fads or to develop another winning consumer product. I checked the satellite images of their complex. It was small. Their budget was low for such a development as Blow Up Ship. How could they improve the apparatus when they hadn't a clue what the world could possibly need in addition to their device? Spaceship controls could now be shrunk into apparel and activated by commanders on the ground. A launchable tank was in development. Children were found to learn the controls.  The entire scientific community was booming about their creation Blow Up Ship.  Their winning marked the beginning of the end of America's obsession with aesthetic science. The team was too successful without it.  They deserved the prize. Each technology which was entered into the contest sought to achieve one goal or another. My specific goal was ideologically different than the other teams yet pursued doggedly in order to find a solution to the same issue: the spaceship problem.  The conclusion to one of the last aesthetics contests was reached and I was on the receiving end of a long line of co morbid pilot clients. When the Russians launched their enormous Mecha units to capture our space territories the Americans were forced to protect space travel for the entire world. My home in Britain was being stormed by ground troops from Russia including tanks and mechanized units yet the American front was safe. Except not the Americans nor the world were safe in space. I spaced out my curious grunts as I checked a man's pulse with a stethoscope.  The Mechas would strike down craft indiscriminately and attack the pilot with radiation weapons even if they managed to escape. No space vehicle had returned without seriously injured pilots since the start of the Space Mecha War years previous. Turner had just returned from a mission and I spoke to him quietly in my American lab.  You have ten years I said. He seemed to not understand. Ten years of life I said.  He replaced his shoes and checked out with the receptionist. He was another victim of the Space Mecha War that the world sent to die at the hands of the Russian Mechas.  Although I had lost the contest to Blow Up Ship I would still demonstrate my Holographic Automatic Man to fellow scientists in between patients. My attempts at earning grant money were proving fruitless and I wanted to be removed from ward duty to work on my team's solution to the spaceship problem. At the ebony boardroom table I had an audience of just two. A projector delivered my electronic slides behind me.  The heads up display as you must realize is the key to the future of humanity. Without knowledge of your surroundings or even detailed data processed directly into our field of vision we will be powerless against the enemy's Mecha units. My shadow blocked the slide and the assistant motioned me to the side. Sorry. The Mecha devices by their nature utilize heads up data. My system renders the information by connecting to the user's brain through the skin. It's all very interesting Dr. Redplay. How can you prove to me the technology is even possible? asked the Director of Personnel Training.  What a frustrating question! The technology was already developed. The Director was simply deflecting my proposal because he knew I was unable to demonstrate the Holographic Automatic Man without a pricey license. For that reason I didn't even have the product with me. I can demonstrate the device to you with the help of funding from your group.  You've mentioned you need money the Director said leaning back in his chair and checking his watch. Well we need you in the hospital ward. Tell me how does your technology work towards a solution to the spaceship problem? I've seen the other competitors' work. Their product seems to fix our predicament more easily. For instance a spaceship of any size may be taken into orbit with a single Blow Up Ship while the human remains on the ground.  I had prepared for this question. The answer wasn't obvious. I began to pack away my things a maneuvering strategy I thought might help build suspense in the mind of the DIrector. The Holographic Automatic Man will herald a new race of human. One that will be able to transmorph into a being capable of living in space; one that will find peace among the stars; one to whom the spaceship problem is known only as a historical dilemma. The Holographic Automatic Man will bypass the abominations of genetic aesthetics and remain true to a more rational version of beauty; to help man choose his own physical vessel to the stars. That is the holographic display is completely customizable. It is a revolution of choice.  The Director's assistant grumbled and said a joke as I was used to him doing. The goal of aesthetic genetics appears to make us so small that we might slip through the Mecha's fingers. We laughed in an organized way.  The demonstration was complete.  I told them I must leave.  Then leave. We will consider your proposal for a more human approach to the spaceship problem the Director said behind the huge table in his mostly empty boardroom. Thank you Dr. Redplay. But please tell us do you plan to follow the principles of hard aesthetic science if you are able to develop your system?  I had prepared another answer for this question as well. Aestheticism is nearly dead. Additionally the world has taken the American method and corrupted it beyond recognition through the technique of aesthetic genetics. I will no longer associate myself or my work with those corrupted principles.  Very good thoughts. Thank you. And keep your chin up. We heard about Turner's condition. He and his family were proud to have him sacrifice his life for the planet's prosperity. My team sought to understand the appeal of the Blow Up Ship concept at the lunch table that afternoon.  Maybe it is because they live in New Zealand Jerry suggested with hot pastrami in his mouth. And the American public has out evolved our narcissistic traits.  If that is the case then we shall never find success I said.  I dolloped a bit of mayonnaise onto my sandwich buns. Even if we are in America we must be able to capture the attention of an American audience.  Then should we provide for the continued narcissism of our communities? Jerry asked. He had the right idea but I couldn't agree with him. Our budget is too low for such a broad task. He grabbed the mayo as if I was trying to steal it.  We must only hope the new mutations have not altered our collective personality. The changes appear only to be physical and only to affect those who have come into contact with a Space Mech. Do you suggest we manipulate the genes of humans intentionally? That even more dangerous than leaving the mayonnaise out. I said. I stood up and launched the pasteurized mayonnaise into the refrigerator tube.  Thank you. I'm not saying we need to delve into the world of aesthetic genetics no. Of course not!  We were all hoping it wouldn't come to this.  Perhaps Admiral Narcheo of the Experimental Division will find some alternative he added to the entire Internal Research team. They were munching in agreement on salads. We must win.  The future of the race depended on us the tiny research community. The Space Mechs were not Gods to us. We saw them for the radioactive robots they were. Yet they were so powerful and so very far away. Jerry stationed himself back at the Alien Search in the Face of Danger building. Blow Up Ship did pass through an aesthetic marketing phase despite heralding the end of aestheticism itself. The delicate ego of the nation required special attention to the delivery of such a product. Without the tinkering of the image of Blow Up Ship it could appear to the public as a contrivance of the enemy. It wasn't often that new foreign products were positioned to so utterly change the world. Since the Space Mecha War the direction of national affection was towards Gods who were to be seen as saviors from the Mechas in space.  Thus the marketing of Blow Up Ship focused on the new New Zealand God the proud people of that country worshipped in order to protect their strong homeland from the Space Mechas.  If the public found out the idea was developed by a team completely unversed in the complex rules of aestheticism which determined whose products were to be sold in a seemingly random fashion and instead was created out of utility and function then Blow Up Ship would fail. Our PR team based in Baltimore was assigned with the cover up and during this time I became familiar with the Blow Up Ship product. At my desk in Baltimore my eyes rested on the plaque where my title was engraved. Top Science Head it bore of the Committee of the Saucer.  Kreg sat happily in the chair across my mahogany desk.  Why is the name of your group 'the Committee of the Saucer?' Kreg was of the Society for Under Estimated Technologies as a liason.  Must you know? I said. When we created the principles of aesthetic science we noticed similarities of our movement to the flying saucer cover up by our military. Essentially the public perception of the event was guided by their motivations to unravel a conspiracy. Aesthetic science intended to capture the imagination of the public by totally controlling the marketplace. The public enjoyed feeling out of control. It systematically gave them a stronger delusion of being in control. The government community followed the energy of the alien exposure movement which as we both know was completely misguided.  Yes the aliens weren't aliens after all Kreg said. But merely government test ships. So is that what the American aesthetics is about? Capturing the essence of conspiracy?  Aesthetic science may seem like a conspiracy to someone who does not understand it. But all conspiracies have some element of truth I said. The alien scare predicted the Space Mecha War in a way. That is very real. Aesthetic science is a pseudo conspiracy where the marketplace and therefore the public's lives are determined through secret research.  Which brings us to the topic at hand. How can we use Blow Up Ship to end the war? Kreg asked.  By the guidelines of our American system which I must admit has less importance since your invention the purpose to end the war is only an implicit job of Blow Up Ship. Politically it must serve some other explicit purpose or we could make a flammable foreign situation totally explode. Because Blow Up Ship has won a major contest and did not follow the rules of aesthetic science and in fact totally ignored principles of popularity and attraction aesthetic marketing may not be a requirement in this situation.  Kreg became serious. By all means we did not intend to change the American system of product development he said. Is there any way we can continue the legacy of aesthetics with our product? That is what my team wants.  I tried to comfort him. Your team has done nothing it should not have done. In fact if you want to explore the aesthetic options for the promotion of Blow Up Ship I do have some ideas I'm willing to share.  Please go ahead Kreg said.  I explained to Kreg that the competition rules to create an automatic man could be used to sell the technology. I understand the device is a wearable remote control?  Yes. Through tiny movements in a user's body any machine from a microwave to a Mecha may be controlled. After some practice it becomes second nature and the user will think of their machine as a part of their own body Kreg said. The technique is known as muscular nervous control. The remote control takes the form of a piece of clothing like a shirt or a high ankled boot.  A knock on the door was heard and Kreg jump started out of his chair. Please stay I said. It is just Admiral Narcheo. Sir? I projected my voice through the door.  A military suited man with badges of different sorts entered the small office. Thank you Dr. Redplay. I won't take much of your time Admiral Narcheo said. I wanted to remind you that phone duty has passed on to you with Mary's passing.  I sighed. Yes the tragic consequences of the Russian radiation attacks are both that we lose our friends and our work is spread even more thinly than before.  May she rest in heaven. Her mother was bedside for her passing. It was a trying experience for her entire family he said.  It is trying on us all. Thank you Admiral Narcheo. I will monitor the lines at my scheduled time.  Is this the man responsible for inventing Blow Up Ship? Admiral Narcheo asked. I responded with a briskness that surprised Kreg who attempted an answer. Ah just one of them. The admiral left smartly closing the door behind him. I motioned for Kreg return to sitting.  I believe you still have a working humanoid prototype from the contest to use with Blow Up Ship controls? I asked.  Yes. It is a more advanced device to use in conjunction with Blow Up Ship but with some practice even a child  could master full control of the humanoid.  Good. Then most of the development work is already completed for our first product I said. His eyes widened. This sort of thing usually took years. Because of the great promise of Blow Up Ship we should move forward very quickly. The automatic man will be sold as a personal assistant as soon as possible.  He started to interrupt. I do not think you understand the nature of Blow Up Ship. It would be difficult for a robot assistant to for instance file paperwork. The tiny movements of the hand would need to be mapped by the device. It's possible but redundant in the case the person could just do the work themselves without the difficult manual control required by Blow Up Ship. Not only that but the user would have to oversee the work to get visual feedback on what the robot was doing. Shouldn't we begin by tackling the spaceship problem?  I believe he suspected me of attempting to sabotage his product. Yes it would seem obvious to begin by sending unmanned spaceships into space to attack the Mechas without human casualty or contact mutation. However through the process of aestheticism the plan must follow the course of the competition's automatic man.  Research was determined semi arbitrarily in aesthetic science. The topics and ideas pursued were based on research that followed what the public wanted and found attractive. Automatic men were the focus of the day.  I do not think you are in full understanding of my idea I said. My idea is not to create an office assistant. No the automatic man will be led by our people to stand behind the great causes of the American public. The pickets the stand ins any sort of public event will now have the people's support. Even the busiest of women can hold a sign for feminism with Blow Up Ship. Simply send your automatic man to the front lines of activist causes and identify the robot as being yours.  He responded by opening his fists. Excellent.  We will lobby for support from politicians and government officials who must speak publicly. Blow Up Ship could limit danger somewhat by allowing for a robotic stand in to deliver speeches. Who knows maybe through activism the social monstrosities of Russia and its confederation will be reversed one day I said.  Wonderful! We have often lamented that we could not picket at the local anti war demonstrations in New Zealand. Now we may be the first to continue daily research and work towards change at the same time Kreg said. I gave him the contract to sign and we moved forward with the plan.  I reminded him that ending the war was still our number one priority and Blow Up Ship could be integral to our latest effort. He modestly brushed it aside with his pen as he signed his team's names. The American subconscious was a difficult lover to woo and he was correct in choosing to move forward with an aesthetic kind of marketing. When he left I dialed the Director of Personnel Training to ask for money for the Holographic Automatic Man. Absolutely not! he exclaimed over the phone.  But you haven't heard my idea yet I said.  Idea? You are known for your ideas Dr. Redplay. Call me back in two hours and I'll hear it out. I've got to attend a rally for the union just at this moment. I smiled. Blow Up Ship could serve a much greater purpose indeed than to be a stand in for the Director's wages demonstration. I told him I would make some notes and get back to him. Two Russian spies were being monitored by the scientific community in Baltimore including by my own phone tapping. Their code talk was immediately decipherable.  The Mechas shall comfort us in our old age one said.  Yes have you noticed the tendency of Americans to grow into hangers on? the other responded. I suspected the two were planning some kind of deadly attack and began the recording.  What the Russians did was to the benefit of a world lost on its own the first one said. What The Russians Did was the name of a building in the science complex. I was almost certain they had meant for that building to be the target.  The Mechas will change the human race for the better. If the American people don't turn their back on their destiny in space then we humans shall learn to master the genetic code. Did the second spy know the mutations caused by Mechas were random abominations like third limbs and sightless births?  The first one made create the strange noise of rustling paper over the line.  The American people must accept aesthetic genetics as the future of the human race. Care to help them discover that with me?  But how? These daft Americans can only see aesthetic genetics as being  a Russian paradigm. In fact the scientific community saw aesthetic genetics to be a publicity tactic which spun the radioactive properties of Mechas as a positive thing. Mechas were worshipped by the Russians and they sought to encourage others to worship Mecha by altering the human genetic code too. They were setting an example of irrationality.  We could show the Americans the benefits of genetic alterations. . . the first one began and I immediately dialed the Director. They could be planning a radiation attack. The Director's red light came on indicating he was listening through my phone tap.  To devote ourselves to the Mechas was an enormous move by the Archbishop Pelevin. He is the thought leader that has saved us all. But the second one said he is now in space with the Mechas dining on fermented solar dishes. Truly a space God the first one said. This circle jerking was common of the Russians' conversations. In order to clue them in that I was listening to end the conversation I decided to echo the next comment. I also inserted a message in static to make sure they knew we heard them. So when shall we meet to discuss the ahem demonstration to the American scientists? A ghostly echo of the words repeated themselves over the line. A pop of static interrupted them.  Mecha war came the static. They said their goodbyes and hung up apparently alarmed. I was still on the line and the Director came through it.  Good catch Dr. Redplay. We'll increase security in the complex he said.  They may be targeting the What The Russians Did buildings. I suggest sending a police unit to their dwelling in Baltimore Sub D I said. Will do. A well dressed woman arrived by taxi below the apartment building directly in front of its entrance. One of Admiral Narcheo's officers waited in a bench to meet her. Oh don't you look darling! she said and hugged the man who wore an asexual tracksuit. Late twentieth century exercise gears is so in. But what's that you have?  The man smiled and picked up a black box from the ground. It's my devotion doll. A small crowd had gathered because of her loud voice and his late century attire looked on. The crowd was interested in the black box.  What is a 'devotion doll'? she asked. You aren't in the traditional Mecha worship garb.  A woman in the crowd cried aloud as if she were fainting. However she remained standing and squinted at the couple arm covering her face.  Not devotion to the Mechas of course. It is to accelerate my devotion to the Archbishop Pelevin he said gaily despite the crowd. He was known for his tracksuiting.  The two Russian men having dined were seen approaching the concept apartment. Yes she said. He was. But didn't you know he became a God in the dark depths of space? The two men eyed her nervously. After submitting the human race to the Mechas he ascended to orbit and placed himself in the Mutation Field. Most assume he developed a body designed for space travel and was carried far far away by the Mechas.  The Russian spies struggled with their keys to get into the apartment and away from Admiral Narcheo's aesthetics police.  Oh right? But what if he has forgotten his identity and is now simply a jogger who believes himself to be a late century American? the officer said. Well then perhaps you're archbishop Pelevin yourself! the woman exclaimed.  That's the idea inn'it? He removed from the box a plastic representation of a mutated baby. With three arms and sealed shut eyes the baby was a horrific sight. Have you met my darling doll?  What a sweetheart  The men made it inside and the crowd dispersed chuckling. It was just another demonstration by the talented aesthetics police. But what had those two strange men entering the apartment been up to? Having taken care of the Russians I had time to devote my full energy to the Holographic Automatic Man.  I had been approved for extra funding because of my new idea for the technology. The problem Kreg had said with Blow Up Ship was the problem of displays. I hoped to solve that problem.  The holographic properties of my automatic man were all psychic. All of the information required to operate the automatic man existed only in the rectangular prism strap on which linked to the brain. Therefore no one except the user could see the heads up display. The problem with all psychic technology which could relay information of all kinds to the user's brain was that it became difficult to control oneself or one's thoughts when using the device. Thus the automatic man was created to help limit the programming of the prism. The brain link didn't work without the automatic man and the automatic man prevented bad code from going into the human brain. One could also simply remove the strap on to save himself from a particularly torturous bit of programming. The fear with all psychic devices was that he wouldn't be able to.  I lied to Kreg but didn't intend to cause harm. The first device to be remote controlled by Blow Up Ship would be an unmanned Mecha we had created for the war. The information was classified and unranked Kreg didn't need to know. He was correct in guessing however that the spaceship problem had been solved.  My pilot was strapping on his boots and shouting into the phone. I will not be taken lightly! I need my eggs benedict in t minus five minutes. SLAM. He crushed the phone with his gloved hands. Taking care of breakfast? I said as I passed him in the hall on the way to Mecha Deck.  Dr. Redplay! I love your new idea. He needed a deep breath after shouting. I'm proud to be the pilot for the merging of Blow Up Ship with your own technologies. Tell me is it true that the psychic link to the machine is an instantaneous transfer of information even over great distances?  It is true sir I said distracted. I needed to give the pilot my respect but also needed to perform a calculation with the Mecha. Our Mecha also doesn't use radiation as a weapon. The Russians have truly crossed a line and it is your duty to bring the first Mecha down for America.  But how did the Russians create Mechas in the first place?  I sighed. We're almost positive the Russians discovered the technology from an alien civilization through remote viewing and misused it to their own ends. Their purpose is to capture and guard valuable space property.  I knew that I think. You know the Department of Mecha Research  isn't very open with certain findings.  It is to protect us all I said. I must be going now.  Duly sir. Duly.  After opening the double doors to the Mecha room I started straight for the head panel of the Mecha. The American robot was smaller than its Russian counterparts. The restless spinning interiors would hum protected by large translucent steel rods all linking up in the sternum area.  I tested the amount of computational power onboard. I hadn't been part of the design of the Mecha yet my suspicion was true: it could handle my program. I retrieved the chip box from my suitcase and went over the specifications one more time.  All of this wasn't my part in the war effort. I was just a scientist. In fact I didn't want to be involved in any kind of destructive technology. My advice for merging Blow Up Ship with the Holographic Automatic Man in order to provide a heads up display for the Mecha was my first military work. I discovered the human body would be able to transfer negative programming to the muscular system using Blow Up Ship and created the software to allow for conscious all psychic information to be transferred to and from the Mecha. The technologies paired perfectly.  The other program I was adding was a type of collective learning machine. It allowed for the controlling of a Mecha by multiple users at once which could be invaluable in the case of war. User habits could also be memorized by the Mecha and the Mecha could operate itself through automation. More importantly the learning program might serve a commercial purpose. I intended to sell space faring Mechas to the general public. Done I whispered to myself trembling. If there were only an aesthetics prize for this! I left the Mecha Deck and saluted the pilot who would undoubtedly destroy a Russian Mecha today with a wearable Blow Up Ship remote control device.  The Space Mecha War was over in the amount of time it took to create our own remote controlled Mechas. Eventually our Mechas had learned how to fight from the pilots and destroyed enemy Mechas automatically. We began to teach the Mechas social strategies for solving problems using multiple civilian pilots to prevent another Space War from ever being started.  We sold each Mecha for the price of two automobiles. Each family on Earth wanted their own. The slogan was Go forth and Blow Up Ship! which really caught on with dying patients who had seen what humans were capable of in their final days.  Our Mecha counterparts would discover other worlds and from Earth we would deliver message from our own brains to other races of peace and love. In the case of the insect race of Jobio Nine it could deliver total annihilation. The ironic picture of a human and his Mecha made us seem quite threatening indeed despite us being small primates.  Another irony was that our exploration of the universe would be a remote controlled endeavor. We had essentially created a second race of Earthlings: the Mechas. About 12% the size of the human race the Mecha population was staggering considering how large they were themselves. We launched using Blow Up Ship at least five thousand new Mechas a day. People of all the cultures on Earth were represented in the infinite realm of space. The double life of Mecha pilots was a great late victory for aestheticism: the consumers had all gotten exactly what they wanted. It was their ideological blow horn  in the sky. Our minds were expanded and encouraged by new infinite possibilities. We met distant and peaceful  races.  We led the galaxy in planet beautification projects  known as aesthetic terraforming. From Earth we lived extra terrestrially with the help of Blow Up Ship.  To the traitor Admiral Narcheo It was in a waking dream I ?rst became aware of the horrors of your department. You might call what you did the exact opposite of the aesthetic principle. It was not the learning of your transgressions in cohort with the shape shifting aliens that terrified me. The continuous dreams are what got to me as I analyzed the meaning of them all in the months following. This exposition may seem forceful. I had trouble knowing where to begin with you. It is my family's trait to show others how they should be. Perhaps it is not genetic but learned. I can say that it is not a quality of aesthetic genetics. I have eliminated that misguided effort to classify spiritual disease as an anomaly in DNA. We have found that genetics trouble us only physically and not mentally because the brain develops procedurally. We are not troubled spiritually by flaws in the genetic code as you must know yourself. I do not underestimate you. Despite the great wealth our nation accrued through terraforming other planets our neighborhoods were still vulnerable to you. It is closer to the truth that it was our backyards that were the most open to your predator nature. When innocent family members would run without fear on the back porch or among the grass they met the invisible tubes that your aliens gifted to the human race. I know all of this because of the ?rst dream. In the next dream our teens and young adults exploded when they met the ice. The ?nal dream revealed to me the essential nature of your foul. I determined you use a projected field to reach from the alien universe into ours. It was the portal itself that motivated you. It was a product you developed for the entertainment of your colleagues. To us the portal could only be described as a gateway to Hell. I passed earlier through such a portal and reached its destination into the Backward Exploding Universe. You can undoubtedly understand my fear in expressing its name. How could we have such a fate at the hands of the shape shifting aliens? Did we deserve this? The prospect of a world with Blow Up Ship was so great. I truly loathe you for destroying that Admiral Narcheo.  We had defenses in place for the backyard attacks.Through a unique system to evacuate communities in case of an insect attack we could have alerted the population to your presence and emptied the neighborhoods. The effort to exercise such an evacuation would have been minimal and cheap. Collateral damage isn't a part of the shape shifting alien's strategy. I had warned the communities in time.  I also warned young persons of the danger of any ice ponds or icicles they may come in contact with. The announcement of rogue space Gods that could make you explode was enough to keep them off the skating rinks especially coming from a top science head. But within days I interpreted the dream about the portal and came close to admitting defeat. The only answer was to gather research data by stepping through such a portal and I sincerely believed I would die on the journey between universes. It was a fate much worse than death in fact. The portal would prove an eternal torture. I am still in this portal now in my mind. It still breathes within me like the second nature of a war victim who runs from loud sounds. I found myself the inventor of Blow Up Ship and the savior of the outermost galaxy cloud to be nearly identical to your new alien form Admiral Narcheo. I found myself to assume that form in almost every way. I am writing this letter to myself in more ways than I can count. But should I finish this letter which has been materialized in front of me and I have watched write itself accurately coding the page with information from my own brain I doubt I will be alive much longer. An enormous death eel is heading straight for me. This is likely the very end for the human host of Dr. Redplay. Sincerely Nooooo!  The goal was to cock the shaft of the gun all the way to the bottom of the barrel like cocking a magical theory to the utmost point in the back of your skull. By letting the magic take over me I'm cocked and loaded and ready to snap. It was like a rumbling grand mal seizure when I let the ammo fly; and that was just the weapon. Take it upon myself to cast a spell and I'd feel downright tectonic. It's because of the nature of the combination of mind and tech that destruction follows me. I'm an Architect. A maelstrom of people had found my press releases and become Architects themselves. I am the original Architect. I designed the psychic weaponry.  The auro tracking ether bombs were my invention. These will disintegrate a small hill without injuring the user. Great for world building. Great for terraforming. Awesome for blowing the cap off of bunkers. Because the greatest weapon is the long series of lies perpetrated by the world government I am not number one. I am a coder. I build the walls that keep us away from those ideas. I blow the cap off media bunkers and psycho kinetically disable the computers they're propagated with. And I am not alone. But the gov zone has reached a penultimate broadcast. We're in for a war they say.  Ms. Agency. Hello I said.  I pointed right between his eyes. Please stop he said.  What for? His head could burst before he finished his answer. I could make him go insane. I could track him for the next five years using the other Architects and bring his whole system down. He was looking at a screen behind me like a busted teleprompter sending him inspiration.  I've got three children.  Bust. Bang. Blow. These words were pounding through my skull. I was a perpetrator myself. Gov zone fed men's children don't need gov zone fed men fathers I said. I wanted information. Anything he told me would be poisonous and I would have to be filter it through my meta filters.  Meta filters take the logic out of logic. Everything applies to the speaker. If he said We've been investigating your actions it would be translated to I personally have a fear of being investigated and I want you to know that I haven't hesitated in my investigation of you. It was the way gov zone fed men talked. It was monstrous really. The meta filter didn't work for all gov zoners so sometimes I'd have to chalk their speech up to the media decoder which would identify the purpose behind whatever they were saying. Their answers were prepared. Sometimes I had to manually look up the meaning of their press releases or even imagine myself what they could stand for. Censorship had been replaced by cryptography. Cryptography had been replaced by computers. The gov zoners were becoming computers. That's why I chose magic.  It was part of the singularity or something. Take it or leave it he said. He had given us a new press release.  I should release the pull on my trigger. I said. Your head would explode. Haven't we been over this? He broke down Please for the love of God just let me go. The meta filter came through. Unintelligible. His code broke down. This was the most human he would ever become. Squash. Sever. Snap. You're free I said and jumped back into the chopper. We were on the roof of the largest gov zone facility in the state. Below us was the storm blowing the building so that it would absorb the pressure and sway. The chopper pilot spiraled us upwards chopping at the thin air and like rescued mountain climbers we freaked down the side of the building. Mountain climbers huh? The chopper pilot could read my mind when I allowed him to for safety. It wasn't that we weren't becoming machines ourselves. We wouldn't survive without the new techs. Psych features of computer chips and mind activated bazookas; those were the techs we used. Never IQ boosters or redundancy calcs. Plenty of new terms to learn for the new Architect. The fact is the general public knew very little of these technologies. It was military weaponry I had designed to combat the gov zone fed men. The Architects were everything but gov zoners. I uploaded the press release and began cycling through translations. The most accurate filter was agricultural propaganda the filter for interpreting messages about our wonderful poisoned food supply. Some bullshit about running out of adequate soil and at the very end a hidden message about my weaponry. The point was my guns were pulling nutrients out of the Earth. This was the subliminal message that the general public would absorb and anyone who read it would get a strong feeling that I wasn't green enough. It was ironic that even the interpreted messages didn't make any sense. We're being fed with lies bub I said to my assistant.  Yes Ms. Agency.  Not what the farmers grow. I said.  Yes Ms. Agency.  And my weapons don't pull nutrients out of the soil. The pull soil out of the ground yes. But it's just like plowing a field I said.  Thank you. I'll send the message along the darknet my assistant said. Some members of the public not Architects were subscribed to my press releases. They paid well but viewed it as entertainment. They couldn't actually learn that they were being brainwashed and hypnotized. The knowledge had been clued out of them and that required a certain amount of specialty techs to undo. When we landed at our complex designed by me I told the assistant to meet me in my flat after a one hour lunch. The chopper pilor lifted back off to perform other duties or refuel. I began logging in to the system and called several other Architects to join us after lunch. Fresh sake would be delivered as well and I prepared myself for a pre war broadcast. Our version.  I downloaded my Answer to my tech fore brain for transmission and extruded some noodles for lunch. Fresh salad straight from real farmers who thought the world of me and thought the world had let them down and knew or would know when they got the gov zone broadcast that I hadn't really been sucking nutrients out of the soil. These men were few and far between. I supplied them with individuation techs. Like therapy for a hypnotized mind the users of the individuation techs claim it's like coming out of a waking dream. Some freak out. Some kill themselves. It's pretty brutal tech and we don't just hand it out to anyone. I ran the Answer through my mind. It was a form of hypnosis as well. The message wouldn't have to be decoded however. It was straightforward enough. Magic is real. You are dead. Come with the Architects to heaven.  Of course it was hilarious to me that I had to say such things. I didn't believe it none of the architects did. But we ran the simulations. This was the most likely way to get through to enmasked minds and free the people of the country who were open to broadcasts on the public channel. We'd disguise it as an advertisement for an antique LCD supplier or a street cleaner jingle and people would show up at our door completely devoted. I snapped into a magical paradigm for the transmission and my assistant arrived and the other Architects I had invited to help broadcast began to show up. We encircled out bodies tapped into the radio transceiver and hijacked a commercial broadcast.  It wouldn't take long for the gov zone to find out what we had done so we began broadcasting.  Magic is real. We could feel the minds focusing on our message in dream like states somewhat registering the shift in energy.  You are dead. This was the most energetic response. It was the sound of minds who remembered our previous message and were in the process of awakening.  Come with the Architects to heaven. This was the code for finding our complex. We held on for as long as possible to all the minds we had reached and repeated the message slowly and slowly each one of us was banned from the channel. Enough I said.  Thank you Ms. Agency the Architects said and quietly left one by one. Only my assistant remained in my flat. He said You killed three gov zone fed men today.  Collateral damage I said. They were trying to hack the weaponry. If that happens we have to redesign completely new software. And for most of the Architects the software is designed to match their magical spectrum; any other software wouldn't work and if the gov zoners got ahold of the information they could be killed.  Do you ever wonder how precariously our Architects balance the risk and rewards of the tech?  Yes it's a necessary evil. I wish we could go sixteen magic too. Zero tech. But the gov zoner's weapons simply rip through flesh and their armors have psychic batteries which keep us from using magic without a battery ourselves. They can't use magic of course. It's illegal. So they upgrade their weapon's power and it shreds right through us I said. I need your help with the sleep system. The Architects have been reporting gov zone dreams.  I'll look into it he said. I dismissed him and put away the sake. The world belonged to the gov zoners. I faced my weapon and cocked it to the bottom of the barrel. Charged I unsnapped out of the broadcast paradigm and snapped into the combat paradigm. One two three four. The dummy took the heat. I turned my stress into a spell and flipped it to the dummy but the dummy simply bounced backward then forward into place. The stress jumped back into me. This world was too difficult. We are creating a new world underground. The architects are growing in number and as we expand the complex our fantasy is becoming a reality. We can't free everyone only ourselves. I take the gun and bust open a hole in the soil. Nutrient sucking be damned. My new room was bare and fresh and the soil I had lifted merely jumped out onto the surface of the earth. I had created a prison. For myself or for the gov zoners I didn't know. The anthill caverns and thread track hallways held a few gov zone fed men but several hundred Architects. We were using psych tech more than ever.  I asked myself if I was becoming one of them. I was sharing my thoughts with the chopper pilot.  He responded You're the Architect. How could you be?  When he landed we went straight up and through the storm and on to the next battlefield.  Fresh Look  I thumbed open another egg carton and saw a broken egg. Curving around me the impatient shoppers waited for me to find a carton with all good eggs so I could move down the milk aisle. They couldn't see me intentionally breaking an egg in each new carton by squeezing the round styrofoam when I picked the carton up. I was breaking the law. I was criminal.  They couldn't hear the thoughts in my head.  My hands were shaking with carthartic power to break each egg while in my mind I was shouting another bad egg! Another bad egg! Eventually when yolk was running up my wrist a woman told me I was picking the cartons up incorrectly and breaking the eggs. That's why I was getting bad cartons. Under her command I picked up another carton carefully without breaking an egg. The others were shocked. Clean eggs.  I stupidly thanked her and went down the milk aisle. I was going to leave without buying my groceries. The grocery store was a place where I went to calm down and it always made me feel poor. Being poor wasn't even my problem. My problem was the medication I was taking and how it made me feel.  Another bad egg!  I was a second class citizen because I was forced to take pills that altered my personality. I'd been on them my entire adult life. My opinion was regarded as being unimportant by the treatment professionals who wanted me to take the pills. I swallowed the medication every morning but I hallucinated anyway. I would have liked to tell my doctor the truth but the truth caused him to reconsider my dosage  always improving the prognosis by ramping up the milligrams. Or did he improve my prognosis? The medication had never helped with voices. I knew why I heard them: I was targeted by real criminals and being used as an example. They parked their cars up the street from my house and called into the air:  Another bad egg!   intentionally breaking one every time. I'd rather have lived with the symptoms of poor mental health than live there.  Walking home I thought all of this. Who could I ask for help? The criminals had authority so they appear to be cops. Like the rumors of CIA intervention in foreign governments I imagined the men and women who monitored me went rogue. They cracked under the pressure: like Phillip K. Dick said they were helpless from being totally destroyed by drugs.  They thumbed across my white shell and broke it to get to the insides.  Another bad egg!   yolk running down their faces.  ﻿ We can't figure out just exactly why all those words are at the top of the page in the beginning of the book. We're not skilled publishers. Publisher's note: In the second edition we resolved the header problem The thing is we have a website. Websites are easy. Books are not. We'd like this book to be perfect but what are we going to do? We're copy people. Not design artists. Caesar Naples were he here with us to develop this book obviously wouldn't be able to fix the problem because he has technical difficulties with all machines. That's a little known fact you won't find in this entire volume. Except here. On the greeting page. Which is really called the front matter. The front matter includes the table of contents which is in the following pages. It also includes copyright information. So here goes. This book is copyright Rinaulde Jones the founder of Caesar Naples Wiki. All works are copyright to him. He created this book. Don't ask us we don't understand. We're figments of his shh! The copyright year for this anthology is 2012. Do we have an ISBN? Not sure. It's probably printed on the back cover which we really hope looks nice. We're not visual artists either. We'd like to dedicate this anthology to Caesar Naples whose mind numbing content has frankly driven us all mad. We carry a heavy load. We'd like to dedicate this book also to the social media superstars who are no doubt making this book a history making publication right now. We'd like to thank the doctors of Caesar Naples who inspired him so and once again the social media. Did we mention we like social media? Further dedications: We hope you all get free copies.  Introduction  Our goal is to publish the complete works of one Caesar Naples an artist that can only be described as a true national treasure. We are a committed research team and in the life of this research goal will be searching for every piece of writing Naples created. Our analysts included a detailed analysis of the meaning and importance of each written work. About this Book  We are here to provide interpretation and exposure to the great writer Caesar Naples.  The challenges we face  Caesar Naples wasn't very famous as a writer. Therefore many people ignore his prodigious output. It is our goal to increase Naples awareness and answer the questions that his writing creates for humanity.  Caesar Naples' Blogs  It is difficult to find any modern work by Caesar Naples because it is spread across so many blog sites. Some blog sites are unknown. Here are the blogs that have been identified as Caesar Naples' work.  Xanga  The link for Caesar Naples' modern Xanga page is  online somewhere. He has several groups called blogrings which he created and leads himself. Most of his recent work is posted on xanga and it's a good entry point into his work. His dated Xanga page can be found online as well. This second Xanga site is full of stream of consciousness poetry and short stories from high school and beyond.  LiveJournal  From 2008 you can visit his LiveJournal. It contains two difficult stories Mendax and Monster Energy Drink. We're looking into the significance of both stories beginning with the letter M.  Facebook  Naples was active on Facebook and posted hundreds of notes in his life. His Facebook page has yet to be fully archived.  A Biography of Naples  No biography has yet been written on Naples. We at Caesar Naples Wiki have very little to go on concerning his life. We know he is still alive and he is still writing. From his works we can create a rough outline of his life.  High School  During high school Naples had a strained relationship with his  classmates. Furthermore his sexual urges overwhelmed him and his work as shown in Monster Energy Drink.  After high school  Blossoming into a full fledged stream of consciousness pioneer Naples developed very well artistically once he graduated high school. He did not attend college.  Hospital  After a breakdown apparently related to trigonometry Naples was hospitalized. In suffering he was an inpatient at a psychiatric facility for over one week. Later he would view this experience as an eye opener to society and sometimes refers to his experience as a socialist experiment.  Chapter 2 Non fiction Starting in 2010 Naples began constructing detailed analyses of society as he saw it. Many pieces of non fiction during this time were inspired by his time in the mental hospital in 2009. He had months to recover and found inspiration in everyday experiences which he could relate to his time in the psychiatric ward. Two themes of his non fiction work include corporations and socialism. His interest in corporate life began as he realized that important family leaders worked for a corporation and grew with the ongoing development of the Occupy movement. However he began writing about corporations before he had even heard of that movement. His belief as you can see from the Full text of Corporate Surrealism is wholly positive of corporations and corporate lifestyles though he does hold some reservations. Socialism he jokes means whatever you want it to mean. Seeing liberals being criticized for their socialist views and hearing terms like socialized medicine Naples began a quest to identify exactly what socialism is. He knows it's foolish talk in the modern world about socialism but he maintains that he is not nor has never been a socialist.  College An intense internal struggle deciding whether or not to go to college is a classic example of Naples' universality his connection to modern youth and his intense ruminations on all life matters. He is quoted as saying that he does not remember writing this piece due to alcohol intoxication.  Full text I think nothing is as irreplaceable as college. I know a few people who didn't go young and old. I think it's more or less necessary for me to go to college or at least important mostly for my kids. I don't want them to check parents received high school diploma or less whenever they're applying for college or student loans.  Is that shallow?  I know I can learn whatever I need to without going to college. But I'll get the full learning experience with a degree. And people always say a college degree isn't about what you learn it's about proving you can stick to something. I think I've outgrown that statement a little. All my friends who were in my class are graduating college this year after four years since high school graduation. I could learn how to program and be working with computers in the industry for four years instead of going to college. But I just need that extra push from the university for my full life plan. Does that make sense? It's almost not about being top in my field but having a rounded background. Plus I'm pretty fucked up and if I don't go to college I won't have the support system I need to survive. My mom and I were planning to wait one year after high school before going to college. Some of my friends hate the institution of college and may never go. It's been four years. I'm so ready... and get this I'm going to a community college. I have the choice within the next 14 days to plan for a four year education which I will get with student loans or just a 2 year degree or even a 1 year certificate. It's kinda a hard choice. I want to go to a 4 year college. So I'm going to plan to get my fresh and soph years at the comm coll and then transfer to OCU or OU. But it's expensive.  But I want to know how easy is it to do things outside of college when you're IN college? To all my college graduates. Because I don't need to socialize or drink  I need to stay forward thinking. And I guess all learning is forward thinking but I have a few ideas that I want to lift off and I don't want to put them on hold for college. So could I be in college and start a business? Or what? I want to be a super tasker it's funny because I'm just the opposite but I feel capable of being ON 24/7. College won't be a distraction. I'll sacrifice my crazy business schemes to get the education. But what degree will I get? If I just want a 1 year certificate of mastery I can go for office procedure and get a job in a law office or something. But they don't look for secretaries with degrees. If I go for the broadcasting four year plan what do I do? Do I travel to Hollywood or new york and make all kinds of obscenely wicked awesome contacts in the broadcasting/film/media industry? Or do I have to stay domestic and keep it all in the city tied down by my crazy class schedule. Will classes even be hard? Did I learn more in the four years since I graduated than I will in the next four years? Will I really be 26 one day? Will I meet a girl in college or after college?  Somebody answer. You guys know it all. Think about a homeless person. Think about the freedom. Now think about a homeless type with like 3 places to stay. That's me. I wake up at 3 am and record a podcast or plan a novel and the inspiration is there. But I can't brush my teeth every morning at 7 am. Will the university change this?  Dude it's overwhelming. I want to be a dull wad. I want to chill out.  But what if this is the key to happiness? W/I my current lifestyle is the way to live? I certainly know my anti college friends dig it. I could come up with a sound business plan in one week and execute the plan in another week and we'd all have jobs. I know I'm cocky. But it's the truth. It's the internet that's what it is. If it wasn't for the internet I'd be another fungus. A shroom turd I'd have to jet out of Arizona probably but with the internet I can happily camp out here until my move to Denver which by the way is full of both highly educated people and bums at the same time. Which is kind of what I am. I took five AP classes. I scored the highest on the PSAT in my class. I'm a highly educated bum. And it has to stop. Corporate Surrealism Caesar Naples wrote this piece formerly entitled Surrealism Pt. 2 for his Facebook and Xanga in 2010. The response on Facebook was satisfactory bringing out people who agreed with him that corporate pride could be a good thing and others who disagreed and blasted him for siding with fascists.  Full text I've had a lot of red bulls and I'm bored out of my mind so I'll relate some insight into what goes on in my head. I've always been very introverted and this new life in rural Arizona has really heightened my tendency to just sit around and think about things. It's kinda nice but weird at the same time.  I just made a post where I talked about trying to have a mental plan for my life. I'll try to explain what I mean.  My grandpa worked for a huge insurance company that's considered a corporation. He was elected for a position of leadership at the Arizona City offices and went every morning to participate in corporate politics and whatever else came along with his job. I think mostly they were working on the way the corporation worked so they could continue making money.  Now I know a little bit about corporations I have some off the cuff knowledge and I know there's a lot of hate for them. But Mitt Romney thinks a corporation should be treated as a person which is kind of a joke really. Wouldn't that person happen to have more power than any single human being in the entire world considering hundreds of people work for the corporation and the wouldn't the economic impact of the entire corporation itself be impossibly huger than any persons? So what I think about corporations  I think they're generally a bad overly capitalist thing and I know from first hand experience that the leaders of corporations like my grandpa have the ridiculous notion they're in some sort of club together like the founding fathers or something and I can tell you the politics can obsess these people.  But there's some kind of security knowing you have all these people in the corporation that are connected to you and have something in common with you  that spend there lives trying to benefit the company. I came up with all these terms to describe the corporate life all beginning with corporate like : corporate security corporate strength corporate sorrow corporate innovation corporate responsibility corporate dominance and the such. Really I kind of became obsessed with the corporation myself in a way for a short time even though all the terms I came up with were meant to be ironic. I consciously exaggerated the impact of the corporation on my life just with the awareness that that was a possibility. For all I know my grandpa leads his family with these questionable corporate values and maybe much of my suffering comes from the fact that he used to work for a corporation. But really I think that's an exaggeration. It's merely a possibility.  Once again there are certain benefits of this existence with a corporation influencing you and I planned to take full advantage of that fact with a certain amount of irony. For example there's the pride of a corporate monger and the financial security and the kind of controlled wisdom that comes with corporate leadership. I didn't directly have a hand in leading the corporation but I had first hand examples of someone who did. I was a descendant of corporate monger and I was pretending it was my lot in life that I would have to adapt to this situation that was created for me.  An important point is that some kids really are victims of a corporation overpowering their sensibilities. Usually spoiled stuck up rich kids with no satisfaction in their lives and the impulse to follow in their family's footsteps and work for a corporation themselves someday. I was simply borrowing some of the positive benefits of such a situation. I think the idea has a lot of potential like for instance I could start up my own business someday with more confidence and there's the confidence boost that comes along with the egotism. But in the end the influence over my life wasn't strong enough to fully adopt this belief system and pretend I was living the life of corporate royalty or something and I have mostly forgotten about my corporate obsession. But maybe someday it will kick in again. Like when I get a job at Astra Zeneca. Dead on... Roundabout way of explaining things? Dead on... full title  Another piece about socialism.  Naples says This was a half assed post I made to Facebook as an excuse for being too nervous to go into the supermarket.  We'd like to refer to the non fiction wiki for an explanation of his writings on socialism here: Non fiction Full text I usually come up with a title after I write something but I know this one will be dead on. I have a phobia. I hate going places like supermarkets and convenience stores restaurants and municipal centers  well municipal centers are usually OK because I fit in there sadly. I guess I'm an entity of public property. That's why I seem more comfortable in those places IE courts lawyers offices HUD offices tag agencies.  This is completely egotistical; the next thing I'll persuade you into believing. I'll explain later and you'll believe me then: I am public property. Here's why. I went through the justice system. It's wild man it's like the end of the world in those buildings. I'll be more realistic. It's stress hell. My life is stress hell. I was charged with a felony and to dodge a conviction my lawyer had me evaluated for incompetency. And I wanted it because I wanted to be innocent. Well I must not have been paying much attention because my lawyer most definitely didn't have a grasp on things like lifespan well being independence or even privacy or self respect. And maybe he was testing me. It's a corrupt system after all and only the foolish ones are punished by it. So incompetency. What would have have meant for me? I would have no control over the direction of my life  that's what I would hate the most. But more importantly I would be a subject for the rest of my life an animal. For sure I'd be safe from ever getting another conviction because once you're incompetent you're protected but that was the point when I would have certainly become public. Fucking. Property.  I wasn't deemed incompetent. But the system bedevils me still. I am utterly self conscious in all public places except the aforementioned ones  inside those municipal buildings where I belong. But in the supermarket I'm still that animal I almost became. And fuck did I dodge a bullet. Innocence could never have been worth officially being incompetent. side note my spell checker is disabled for some reason. But am I different from anyone else? Not at all. And this is what's right on: excepting those who have been sheltered from the system the justice system and even the community's societal system completely for their entire lives we're all spotlighted in public. And a consequence is utter chaos. I live in a small town so I might have the wrong perspective but everyone is completely aware of everyone else's behavior. But they're just as self conscious as I am. The people who live in town organize themselves like socialists; it's somehow tribal. But they don't know it's because of their own insecurities. My defense mechanism is a simple one. I maintain a constant state of obliviousness. And occasionally when I get really freaked out by other people who maintain a constant state of public emergency I'll just get on the phone and call somebody. It's very transporting. So I'm dodging another bullet. The future. Maybe I'll live forever this way. Or maybe find myself a role in Operation Rebuild when it all blows over. Griffin This is a fully first hand account of Naples' in patient visit to the psychiatric hospital which would later influence his desire to work in mental health. Said Naples It's a field that takes high ethics. I've never been a saint. I could never do what I saw those doctors accomplish... Full text I'm about to broach a subject that's really unbroachable. Most of my experience and thoughts about this subject come from absolute intuition and isn't really backed up by solid facts. So take that as you will. I have a certain attitude of question ability and don't honestly expect you to believe what I say word for word. Hell this is a note on Facebook not a research paper in a science journal. It comes from a boy who has been there experienced it and eventually managed to move past it with the help of his family and pure rural common sense. This is essentially an experiment into turning my crazy thoughts into something readable and digestible and perhaps you'll learn from it.  I know of two mental hospitals I know certain things about these hospitals and I know how they differ. One the one I went to has an experimental architectural design and employs experimental ways of treating it's patients. The other St Anthony's is more serious traditional and perhaps more effective. At St. Anthony's you're realistically in a cell not exactly interacting with other patients and the experience is more doctor oriented. At the other hospital I'm describing which is Griffin Memorial Hospital the doctor experience is minimal and basically amounts to them visiting you once or twice to determine if you should stay. At Griffin I went to certain classes every day and St. Anthony's has no such classes. So it's just a different experience at each one and not all hospital is the same.  The classes focus on things like overcoming addiction because most of the patients are drug addicts. There were little games sometimes where when it was your turn you would have to share something about yourself. I've actually forgotten the subject of most of these classes as I was somewhat distracted by the bizarro patients around me but they were mental health oriented and every patient attended them. During this time in my life I was generally confused anyway. I do remember playing some form of volleyball and the overwhelming feeling was that I was not in control of my body and that something terrible was about to happen.  Every teacher of these classes was a mental health professional and they oozed confidence about their subject. They had this attitude where there was a clear distinction between their patients and them. Naturally because I think I'm a pretty smart guy I thought their attitude was deplorable but I now understand it's necessary for them to believe they're a higher class than the patients because otherwise they wouldn't be able to effectively communicate their message. There is no relation between them and the patients. They know what the fuck they're doing and really no patient is going to make them rethink their attitude no matter what an example that patient sets. They're far along the path of the mental health game very advanced in their ideas and very unshakeable in their beliefs. Once again I fucking hated these people I hated going to classes and that couple with crazy hallucinations of zombies and velociraptors made the experience of taking the classes somewhat unbearable.  I also interacted with those lower on the chain of treatment professionals the guards and overseers in our room. By the way the experimental design of the building was such that there were 4 large rooms in each building which housed 20 or so patients and the patients were allowed to be free within these large rooms. They each had their own bedroom which they would share with one or two other patients. In the room was the medicine dispensary which we all lined up for twice a day and the snack room which was used twice a day too. There was also a large desk at the entrance of the room which was always occupied and sometimes workers would come in the room themselves to interact with the patients or observe them. It's these people that I'm going to talk about. The others the higher ups the ones that would teach the classes and the others the actual MD's they really are unbroachable. Yes I'm suggesting they're as crazy as the patients they teach.  The people I'm talking about are the ones that actually give you the medicine. The ones who feed you. The ones who spend their entire workday watching people pace around trying to grapple their psychotic delusions and ride the bus with you to your classes. These people aren't really educated but they have experience. Granted it's not really authoritative experience but they at least feel they can handle any situation that a patient creates with effectiveness. Keep in mind I went to an experimental type of psychiatric hospital. Experimental in this case essentially means letting the patients do whatever they want and just observing them and making sure they take their medicine. It's these people who managed that. The doctors barely see you. I honestly think St. Anthony's would have been a better place to go because it would have been more controlled and realistic. Plus it would have been more doctor oriented and less in the hands of these inexperienced workers.  But what I think about now that I'm two years out of the hospital is these people. How in the hell do they think they're qualified to treat a schizophrenic person? Since they're uneducated the whole procedure is kind of off the cuff or like almost tribal or something I can't think of the exact word to describe it but their entire method comes from experience not education and objectively the progress of the patient is largely out of their control. I swear some of them seemed like they were just having fun meeting crazy people and having some responsibility over them.  Have you ever heard the rumor that new doctors are being brainwashed by big pharm interests? Medical school textbooks are written and paid for by big pharm and the whole process of their education goes hand in hand with the big pharm agenda. Now I don't think all new doctors are really that heavily influenced by the pharmaceutical industry  I mean my local doctor has a big note that says he won't prescribe xanax or lortab anymore. But there's definitely this unwritten ideology of big pharm to over medicate and I can cite some examples from pharma bloggers that points to this being the case. For instance one pharma guy made this whole video about how it's a major problem when a patient doesn't take their medicine and the whole thing was about forcing them to swallow their pills like that was a major obstacle even greater than the illness itself. The focus is definitely on medication primarily and not other treatment options like for depressed people therapy or something.  What I'm trying to suggest is not that the doctors are victims of brainwashing but that the workers that I was talking about are the most vulnerable. I mean I can't really blame them if I got a job there with my original incompetence I'd probably do the easy thing too and subscribe to the ideas that big pharm and the doctors were pushing out that is that medication solves all the problems and that there is a great divide between patient and professional. And I can't honestly say that the medication hasn't helped in my case so they're really not committing any crime by believing what they do. It's just that it's definitely a weird scenario one that defies my own common sense; the result of people trying to solve a very difficult problem mental illness.  I really want to go back to the hospital sometime just to experience the phenomenon of what's happening there again and to gather my ideas about whats going wrong and whats going right about the procedure.  modern gurus In this piece Naples reveals his eastern influences. He discusses karma and how modern doctors might be very much like the yogis he read about.  Dark hints of family trouble engender doubt that Naples will follow his interest in eastern spirituality far without overcoming major obstacles.  Full text I read a lot of bullshit and that doesn't exclude the religious text Autobiography of a Yogi. The author writes about miracles like his guru returning from the dead in physical form to impart psychic information about the afterlife and that's probably the main unbelievable thing that happens. More bullshit: apparently one of the gurus decides it's his duty to exact karmic payments on a rodent who he believes almost died in a fire. So instead of letting the little rodent live it's life without pain he kicks it into the fire to be burned yet survive. His justification was that he was doing the karmically correct thing by punishing the rodent which was going to pay its debt by dying as if its in his power to do something like that. That set off alarm bells about people in positions of power doing the same thing; like punishing people for their karmic debts. Such bullshit. But for the most part the book was a mostly secular account of a very distinguished yogi. The story had many eye opening features of the beliefs of the yogi masters in India who unlike Buddhists worship god and unlike Christians seem to lead a mostly intelligent life. My two examples are just the extremes of the books bullshit that I happen to remember. And in fact I only read about 3/4ths of the book. One of the things I also remember was the concept of Karma it being a physical thing that all living bodies accrue during life and the afterlife. The gurus would render a special service to certain disciples he would take on the karma of the person and restore it to good karma. What was interesting about this is the gurus would actually physically suffer when they were doing this through hives and whelps on their skin. Now this may sound like bullshit to you but I think it's very interesting. Do modern day people take on the Karma of other people in this way?  But people have different opinions about Karma. While the yogis believe it to be an actual substance that clings to you throughout your multiple lives and misguides you leading to suffering most people seem to believe that Karma is simply the natural law that when you do bad things bad things happen to you. Like if you wreck your car it's because you stole the car in the first place and that's just a natural consequence of what you did. This view is very different from the guru's view who do believe karma is natural but specify it as being a real substance; but the modern view is relevant also about what I'm talking about modern day people healing the karma of modern individuals in society because people's actions in life can be the cause of good or bad Karma. FOR EXAMPLE:  Take me for instance. My grandparents are very judgmental and they know it in fact I've gotten my grandma to admit on several instances that she's judgmental. It's a long story but I guess it's just their culture. For whatever that's worth. But anyway. I am affected by this in a major way because not only do I have to listen to her talk about other people but she directly judges me for doing shit that I really am not going to change like drinking beer. So in a way she's my Karma and I'm suffering because of it. Now here's what I'm curious about. I've accepted her judgmental ways or I'm working to and I'm trying to forgive her for it. Once I get to a level of complete acceptance and I'm not affected anymore by her judgmental habits am I healing her Karma? By forgiving her am I performing that same feat that the guru's did which led to physical suffering the act of resolving somebody's Karma? And if I am what are some other examples of that happening? Does the judge do it in a courtroom? Does a doctor do it for his patients? And in what ways do they suffer?  I don't know food for thought. My socialist plan We found this piece on Naples' Xanga. It's obvious he's trying to appeal to that audience and even has a member of that site complicatedlight tagged in the post. In order to preserve the artistic integrity of the post we have provided it her completely unedited. This is one of the only remaining examples of his thoughts on socialism.  Full text OK this isn't my real plan but it's fun to dream up.  Say you take the meaning of socialism to be literally social ism. And characterize it by total socialization with your neighbors and everyone else for that matter. As in you don't block people off and you get to know them all. It may not be the true meaning of socialism but it's fun to dream up. Now I kinda sound like @complicatedlight. By the way why can't I preview this? Still writing...  I'm going to be living in a commune of sorts with these socialist ideals. There will be couch surfers and musicians in an out of the house. And of course I'll live there. I see myself as above average. Perhaps it's narcissistic. But that would make me a leader of sorts. This is the perfect situation for my socialist living arrangements. I've learned a thing or two from my grandfather about leadership and I plan to teach all my little men and women who come into the house of my ways. But how will I do this? Still writing...  First I would dangle a bit of hope in front of my friends faces. My friends could be neighbors couch surfers or musicians. But I wouldn't be so cruel as to actually lead someone on... I have a brilliant set of ideas about life and it really wouldn't be that big of a deal to share them. That's the carrot. Then I'll make a deal with them. Then I'll crush their fucking dreams in half and ignore them and belittle them and make them sorry they ever trusted me. I'll be cruel and vicious yet they won't even know it's me doing it until it's too late. Just like my grandpa. Sounds about like socialism right? There's a great debate on whether or not people can handle socialism. And it's not the same debate as with Communism. The question is are people too evil for socialism? Whereas with communism it's leaders are too evil for communism. Or at least that's my understanding anyway. I also hear that the two ideas are very similar. I'm way ahead of my classmates. In fact I'm fucking brilliant. I knew we were heading as a family down the socialist path long before they did and I handle it with a little more grace  IE less radicalism  than they  have. But my grandfather's no socialist. Let's just say he's out of the picture for now.  You're wondering does this kid even understand socialism? Hell no. It means whatever the hell I want it to mean. And that's what socialism is all about. Still writing...  The owner of the house that I'm living in thinks she's starting a commune. But what she doesn't know is that I could essentially trap every single one of those fellas in my little game. Just like old gramps. I guess he's still here after all. Perhaps by the end of her experiment she'll regret ever starting it. I hope not. I sincerely hope not. And this is where I save socialism for everybody: I sincerely from the bottom of my age hope that she does not regret starting this commune. I don't know that she won't. I'm not claiming to have divine intuition. I'm just reinforcing with every part of myself that this goes well.  But it's not my plan. Hell I'll probably just listen to music and watch Hey Arnold. Psyched. So a little story now. First I need to change my layout. But really what'll come first is my story. My classmates. They've been going on about how they think they might be socialists. And my only response is I fucking know I fucking know that you are socialists. I do not care. I do not think socialism is a good idea. I sincerely hope once again that their radicalism does not interfere with my plans.  But they are. They have. And they will. Their plans will affect my life that is. I can't say I'm influenced by their new found radicalism. I'm just perturbed by it and it's consequences for me. But maybe they are is influencing me. I am after all moving into this commune. This socialist fucking commune. Which will be a test of ... socialization for me. That's the connection I was making to socialism. Maybe that really is what socialism means. Sharing everything with... everyone. Sharing people. I much prefer to share ideas than to share people. People mimic each other. Will I fail as a leader and just mimic the people that come into the house? What a waste of time that would be. But I'm insecure enough that that just might happen. Yet I'm also aware that it could happen so will that stop it from happening?  And this whole post is just a passive aggressive rant about my grandpa. Still writing...  Perhaps I'm dodging the real problem of my life by focusing on socialism. It is after all easy to understand. We're living a modern socialist life. A nightmare perhaps. England's worse. I'm never moving to London. But I have to get to a city and Arizona City's the closest one. So off I go into the radical world of socialism as a tiny little person up against the world lost never to be found...  Chapter 3 Personal Facebook allowed Naples to share his conflicted social life with his friends to ask for support and guidance. Many personal posts were character assassinations of his family whom he resented at that time 2011 2012 for not letting him move to Arizona City. Creative and clinical his writing style for these personal posts varied from rage filled sarcasm and irony to detailed plans for his recovery from schizophrenia. He has always been open about his diagnoses and hopes to one day reconcile with the doctors  finally finding true agreement with their evaluation or proving that he's something else. We at Caesar Naples Wiki believe him to be quite extraordinary and disagree with the label of schizophrenia.  beer The most detailed account of Caesar Naples' attitude towards substance abuse and its inevitable influence on his art follows. The original Facebook note was entitled the taste of beer we've gathered.  Full text Yes I just started a note on Facebook with the title The taste of beer. My friends are getting married starting their own parties passing jokes around and what do I decide to do? Exercise my language skills by talking about beer. First of all I'm probably going to hell for this. The beer part of the title is bad and the taste part of the title is bad because I assume you go to hell when you're a substance abuser like me and for enjoying the sensual pleasures of life too much like tastes. What I mean is this  the focus of my blog is the TASTE of beer and tastes are generally a lower experience of life something salt licking deer are overpowered by and something humans generally don't focus on except on the finer nights of their life sitting in a five star restaurant. And this post isn't even about that. It's about the taste of BEER. So yes I'm going to hell. It's pretty easy to write a note about the taste of beer. All you have to do is focus on the details and maybe come up with a little story surrounding the experience. For instance I don't really like the taste of beer. That's a detail. Next I could take my detail one step further by reflecting that I'm getting pleasure from something I don't even like. I won't be saying I drink a lot of beer because I don't. But maybe I would write about the irony of not enjoying the taste of something I consume all the time. I could clarify next and say that I don't like the taste of all beers. In this case it happens to be good beers or the type of beers other people will only drink that I don't like. See I get bonus points there for double irony I don't like the taste of something I drink all the time and I don't like the taste of something people are selective about the taste of or something that people usually consider the better kind. I drink cheap beer and I prefer cheap beer. Now I know I've chosen a good topic because there are hundreds of stories I could think of about beer that I could write about. I like to focus on sense details and use them to further my story. Like I could say: I had just returned to the trailer when I found a warm beer that was half full. I took a swig and to my dismay tasted the bitterness of a cigarette butt which I had dumped in the can earlier. Now this is a true story and it's a good story because it hints at further substance abuse that is the habit of smoking. Generally stories on Facebook involving substance abuse are five star. I can't really fact check that but trust me. It's entertaining. I've written entire notes about what I think about when I smoke and those are generally successful. But I make a sacrifice to provide this entertainment. I don't like smoking and drinking. I want to quit smoking and I hate drinking so much I rarely exceed two beers just because I hate being drunk. My sacrifice is to not lead a straightedge life the straightedge life I so desire and my gain is simply entertainment. At this point in my note I'm thinking about the reader. They don't agree with my lifestyle. They don't agree the payoff is worth it to be a sinner in order to be a thrilling person. They're probably judging me now. So I have to appeal in that sense to my reader. I would say something like you know I'm really upset about my lifestyle and I can't wait to make a change. Then I've got them back. It's not even a lie you know I really don't think this is the life I should lead a drinking smoking porn addicted man. Then I realize I never mentioned anything about porn. Then I hastily finish up the note rounding back on previous points to make a firm conclusion.  The taste of beer is something I haven't always been fond of but I knew that I would have to learn to love it if I was going to lead the life of a booze hound that I knew I was heading for. It took me months of practice before the taste of even cheap beer was OK to me and I could bear to down a beer or two at a time. Now beer doesn't taste so much like cigarette butts and is drinkable something I'm glad of for my life would be so boring without beer. I even find that my writing skills improve when I'm drinking beer but I had only had one when I wrote this note and sadly the resulting post was in fact very boring. I'll make another about cigarettes when I've downed a little more alcohol. capital. We thought we had lost this one. However on an obscure Tumblr site pages behind we found capital. In capital. Naples alternatively praises and bashes his family. Still unwieldy at opinion pieces this work he may have intended to be non fiction but the editors at Caesar Naples Wiki insist it goes into the personal file.  You as the reader may be interested in knowing that he failed to move out. It would cause much pain for Naples in the months after this was written. Full text I've been going through this phase of drinking. All my imagined spiritual leaders that I've created for myself to help guide me don't really have a problem with it. It is after all better than smoking pot. Or doing meth. Or snorting Oxycontin. But by that logic xanax is better too if you're prescribed and I think xanax happens to be one of the most dangerous drugs out there. So my logic doesn't work when you go all the way down but I'm OK with that.  It's just down another rabbit hole for me drinking. I mean it makes you stupid. It transports you to another world. It's a lot like pot it makes me hungry in many ways. It's relaxing. It could pretty much be replaced with smoking pot every day it's about on that level of addiction/intoxication. Except for me pot might exacerbate my symptoms of schizophrenia. Overall drinking beer is just a fun way to pass the time. But I recognize the problems.  We have an office in Littletown. My great grandma works there and my grandpa is there sometimes. They found beer in the computer room where I play on my gaming computer. They told me not to make the office your beer joint. But really I only drank two beers. I think you drink more at a beer joint and I think they're being assholes but whatever. I was totally edgy when they accused me of this and they asked why I had to be so abrasive and I was like because fuck you!  But I had a great talk with my great grandma when I was up there. I just really value our conversations and she's so fortunate to not have problems with secular things. She is very lucid and understands everything I say even when I get complex. I started to talk about how a car wasn't really an asset that I valued even though my grandpa insists that the savings I've saved up is for a car. I already have a car! But I told her I realized he values luxury items or assets or whatever things like cars not things like apartments which eventually have no value. It told her this really goes against what I believe in because I don't think a man is the sum of what he owns. But I'm forced to accept this mindset because my grandpa won't let me leave. My grandpa tells me he's trying to teach me a lesson about money but what he's really teaching me is that it can be difficult to live on social security I make way less than I would if I had an actual job.  What I was really surprised my great grandma understood is when I said that my grandpa was just making the gap between the rich and the poor greater when he charges me so much to live with him almost 50% of my check and she fuckin' nailed it when she said that's exactly what the protestors are protesting in NY and all over the country. It's almost like I'm cheating I have such a perfect example of what they're protesting in my home environment. And I chalk it to my grandpa understanding corporate values and then just pushing them as far as he can regardless of whether or not they're good values.  But really I have no choice but to accept this shit. I called him when I got home from the office and asked him how much it would cost to buy this house. It would be a nice asset to have right? I just started thinking on his terms and I can tell he really enjoyed it. I mean I could play the greed game and just spend all my energy saving up money and investing it in houses and cars but I have one major problem. I don't know if I'm competent enough to acquire that much capital. And thus they have won because they believe that the people who can't make money don't deserve to have it. But on the flip side I don't think that behavior is very Jesus like. And trust me they think they are one with Jesus. I honestly have spiritual problems with equating fortune with actual monetary fortune. I know people that do amazing amazing things on a five figure income. I just don't want to reveal who they are and put them on the spot like that.  When I asked him about buying this house he mentioned renting to own but he said that he had a different house in mind for me to rent to own it just needed some work done on it. And he said that he couldn't afford to hire someone to do it and that he'd have to do it himself. And he suggested I help him. He said I could learn a thing or two. Now at this point I balk. I honestly do not want to learn this shit. I might be really stuck up but I can only reference the John Lennon song working class hero but I honestly do not want to be involved in manual labor because frankly I would feel like a fucking slave. You know those people who respect workers? They're a higher class than the workers. They have to respect the workers or they have to do the shit themselves. It's not something to be proud of to be a working class hero. I don't want to learn how to fix houses I want to learn how to write short stories. It's just another difference I have with my grandpa. And I really believe doing manual labor makes me a slave. I just don't want to learn that shit.  Oh by the way I moved into a nice two bedroom house two houses away from where my mom lived last year. It's really nice two bedrooms that I have no use for except to fill up with awesome furniture and whatnot. Televisions. My kitchen doesn't have enough room for a fridge so I also plan to put a mini fridge in one of the bedrooms. And when I have enough money I'll buy mixing equipment and get to making that album. If only I had more money.  And that's another place I'm disappointed. My grandma spends 1000% of what I have to spend a month total before I pay rent she spends it on stupid shit too. If they would give me some of that money I could be a national fucking success traveling across the country doing writing workshops or meeting artists or I could just stay here and buy some really nice equipment then perform in Naples which one of my friends made out to be a really valid option for creative people. And I am very creative. I feel like I'm constantly the artist and also that this new plan the result of them making it impossible for me to move where I want is going to take some real creativity to be successful. But I can't keep drinking. That's just a stopgap for my real life. It's helping a lot I think I've already had three beers and it's only 1:30. Go me!  My plan is to live in two places with a house in Littletown to spend my time in the summers and whatnot. An alternate plan is to live here full time and invest in music equipment so I can write an album. I like the both plans but they both require a job. You can't live a life of having stuff on my income at the moment. Challenge We struggled to decide if this piece should go under non fiction or personal but decided it was so close to Naples' heart and presented so few facts that it was more personal. Full text Whenever I listen to the flaming lips I'm reminded of my plane trip to see my biological father when I was in the 10th grade that summer. It was the summer of my first kiss coincidentally. On my iPod I had all of the current flaming lips albums and for the flight I listened to all of them. But something about that flight and subsequent happy trip really changed my life. It was the beginning of these realizations I would later have about life the universe and everything. I think the biggest part of what was happening were the feelings I was having of comfort and happiness warmth and hope. I was still an atheist but these occurrences would lead to a belief in god. Yes I used to be an atheist. I was a fairly militant one. Most of my friends are still atheists or agnostics and I really understand their viewpoint because of my former status as an atheist. Now that I believe in god I can see all the traps that religion creates for you ones that are hard to explain but are basically why atheists are atheists in the first place. When I get a lasso around my beliefs my belief in eternity and souls is only one part of the equation. I also believe in motivation mobility upward mobility opportunity dexterity creativity resilience objectivity compassion logic honesty civil rights freedom sexual freedom and other things along these lines. It's not exactly political but the strongest adversaries I have to this secondary part of my belief system tend to be conservatives. Enter: my grandpa. I talk about him a lot. I have this amazing opportunity to confer my own thoughts with someone else because I live so close to this amazing character and because what I do necessarily goes hand in hand with his cooperation. But this situation only highlights our differences in belief. He's a workaholic. I think work is a distraction. I'm not lazy I love being productive but his idea of what I should do at this point in my life is to join a work program and learn discipline and respect while I'm more of a live in three places at once while living off of the government type of person. It goes back to my belief in mobility and freedom. And welfare. I met a woman online who thinks that welfare is thievery whereas I'm pretty staunch in my belief that welfare is a good thing. Hey I'm on social security. And trust me I'm taking advantage of the opportunity the American people have given me in their generous decision to give me money. I'm learning things I'm developing I'm planning. But the situation of my grandpa basically blocking my freedom has just opened my eyes to how different our beliefs are. He won't let me move out jokes on him I'm moving out anyway. This goes against what I believe about opportunity. I'm creating opportunities for myself to succeed when I organize a move. I made the choice to go to a community college for my first degree and he is not helping me in this regard. The way I see it I went through four years of high school I should have the freedom to choose where I go to college. But he wants me to go to a four year school in Durant. I don't want to move there. Many of the things that would make me me would disappear. I mean I have dexterity but nobody's flexible enough to move someplace they have no friends and live in a shitty apartment not being able to afford internet with nothing to do but go to class etc. It would have been like putting on a straitjacket which is the sort of thing my grandpa likes because he's trying to teach me discipline. I'm a creative person I honestly have enough discipline to live my life already. Anyway I wanted the message of this post to be more positive so I won't focus on my grandpa. What I respect is people who with limited income and opportunity manage to live full lives because of their creativity and compassion. These people make a difference in the world around them and when you take away the basic fuel of their lives freedom you're squelching a part of something very inspiring. Yes'm 's why I hate the ol' conservative agenda. I hope to live an astounding life. I don't need a college education but I'm getting one and I don't need a three figure salary to do this. With people like my grandpa in my life it's a much greater challenge. One of the greatest criticisms I receive from my best friends is that I sound like I'm trying to change the world. What if I am? LOL. But no if they think I'm Hitler or something that's not what I'm all about. I don't even think I'm that cool I just like to have fun. I just want to have a good life and it's in my spirit to have a sort of radical existence. I remember one time I lied to the Wal Mart people who I told that I was doing a school project. I had a camera and cameras aren't technically allowed in Wal Mart because you could snap photos of the prices and they hate that. Well it wasn't for a school project but I walked down the aisles snapping photographs and I felt like the press like a reporter from another country just trying to document this foreign Wal Mart place. It's all in your perspective. I still think that's one of the coolest things I've ever done and it was pretty dorky.  But I've figured everything out and my values aren't threatened. I'm moving to an urban place which is where I'm most comfortable and creative and getting out of this sick conservative nightmare with my little government check. Take that Republicans! Low/high risk This is a continuance of Treatment plan 06/2012. Full text Let me try to explain insanity. I've was talking in my note this morning about how I'm low risk for a few reasons. Like I'm not suicidal or severely depressed and I have family help. Well I'm entering a high risk zone for my mental state during at least the next week possibly longer. This is because I'm quitting smoking and drinking beer. I've been conditioned for insanity one problem I face is being too emotional and can handle the ups and downs. It's just that last time I quit smoking I started talking to myself. And the time before that was the time I went into a mental hospital. So if you think of my head as a spaceship with a brain inside I'm more or less entering an asteroid belt. My only wing men being a few friends who I will notify tomorrow of my EVEN GREATER future insanity. It's pretty obvious that my problem is prolonged seclusion and lack of human contact. The fact that socializing over Facebook helps me so much is the giveaway. I could flavor what I'm saying by adding in that I've been brainwashed over exposed and living in fear but like I mentioned in this morning's note that's just me being biased. For public interaction I should probably stick to the facts. The self cleaning function of my social habits has quit working because I've been completely alone for the past 3 years since I was 19. Literally having a hard time thinking about my last social event. I mean it's been great if insane for a few reasons but most of what I have learned about the world or myself will prove to be useless. And because my friends haven't been there to set an example for me and me for them I've gotten into the habit of smoking over 2 packs a day pacing around being a self absorbed asshole etc. You're probably wondering how does this note exist? Nobody talks about themselves like that... KEEP THAT SHIT TO YOURSELF MAN! you say. However it really does help. And to answer how this note exists it's my everlasting sense of humor. If I could illustrate the nature of the satire in this post I'd have to describe the Empire State Building as my armless marionette with train stations of sarcasm hurtling engines at the surrounding buildings like a giant selfish ironic corporate robot. Or something. Schizophrenia.com The ignorance on schizophrenia.com  full title  An early attempt at journalistic prose we decided to include this in the Personal wiki because it lacks information and is full of opinion. This is one of Caesar Naples' first monologues on schizophrenia. He had been forced to remain in his family's home and after deliberation decided it must be because of his schizophrenia diagnoses. Not relating to many schizophrenic patients he was compelled to post this piece on Facebook. It's an illuminating read however the structure suffers. Evidence suggests this is one of the first serious pieces Naples' had written in years. He never did go to that group home. Full text Posters on a certain sub forum at schizophrenia.com share delusions paranoia hallucinations beliefs and post about things like the voices they hear all day. I don't know how this sub forum got approved as it can't be a good thing for a number of schizophrenics to actually get together and discuss delusions. I can see the cathartic purposes though and as a way to rate the value of a certain delusion against other people's reactions to it though in my experience delusions don't make sense like that and a person is hard pressed to find help from others in quelling their fictions. But really it's just entertainment. Not that I make fun of the people suffering but for me it's all very interesting. And occasionally something great pops up like a person's conviction that schizophrenia is a disease of demonic possession or the western style schizophrenic cowboy posts of one guy who apparently smokes first thing every morning and that's when he begins the battle in his mind for... uh... his mind. It is sad to read the ignorance on the forum of people who really need help. I was one of the lucky ones and in a brilliant stroke of luck was hospitalized for a short time which has put an almost hilarious slant on my whole sickness thing because I have those experiences to basically check everything against. It's hard to explain but it's almost like I'm completely aware of what's making me psychotic on any given moment and by proxy almost make a choice to be this way. I'm like the opposite of those ignorant on the forums who suffer every day in confusion about what's making them sick when I can objectively calm down and think wow. I used to be delusional. Now I'm just nervous. Things are going to be OK when I get a job or go to school or frankly move out which is something my family doesn't have the courage to let me do. Which is beyond me but that's another story. So I'm considering instead of going to college this summer going to a group home for high functioning schizophrenics. I'm going to try to do this for two reasons. First to convince my family to finally let me move out so that I don't have to give them the finger and just fuck off against their will which will probably happen anyway. Second to avoid a sort of relapse thing. Sure I'm pretty well now perhaps psychotically bored but I'm also on an anti psychotic which I don't intend to keep taking given the long term risks. Who knows if I'll lose touch with reality again? I mean it probably won't happen but I'd like to be barricaded against ever thinking that the television is psychically communicating with me ever again. Not that that wasn't fun. Just imagine how lucky I am for a moment. I get to instead of going to college go to basically what I assume is some type of hippy commune where atypicals go to share their experiences. I get to perfect the art of living and prepare myself for a passionate romp through the rest of my life. And it's paid for. It's just a matter of how long I decide to stay there. So if you know anybody who is schizophrenic I really recommend trying to get them into a hospital or some type of group home like the one I'm probably going to. If they can't get into a hospital try to convince them to make up something horrible like suicidal thoughts. I swear I've seen people do it and considering you can't be admitted to most places without being a danger to yourself or others I was there involuntarily it's really worth it if you can convince them to do it. I've read books about people who are really ill and the family basically waits for something bad to happen so that they can hospitalize the person and when something bad happens it usually is REALLY bad and instead of going to a hospital they go to prison. Not to be a fear monger.  It's really sad because a lot of times just going through the system and doing something pioneering like moving out on your own will basically solve a lot of problems. Also. I am not a health care professional. But I've hired 3. Treatment plan 06/2012 A very recent piece inspired out of frustration. Naples always felt that something was preventing him from solving his problems something out of his control. He sought with Treatment plan to clearly represent his problems to his friends and family and especially to his family make it clear that he knew how to succeed and had a very good plan for doing so. Full text I've been focusing on the burden of disease with my family recently. Frankly I no longer want to deal with the burden of disease so I'm going to come up with a treatment plan which supposedly helps reduce it. If my family employers and friends know I am strictly following a recovery plan for schizophrenia I will feel less awful about the statistical nightmare of being diagnosed with schizophrenia. 1 Abilify for 1 year  The plan for anti psychotics is always to get off of them. 1 year is a relatively short amount of time to get off of them. I would take my full dose as adjusted by my doctor for 1 year then start reducing the dose until I'm off it probably over 4 6 months after the first year. I feel that in one year I can make broad steps towards recovery with the help of the medication and actually  I haven't been taking any for about two months now and despite the sleeplessness in the beginning it's been wonderful. Equally wonderful is how I felt on the medication. However the Wikipedia article on schizophrenia pretty much turned me into hardcore mode on beating this problem so I don't want to risk any kind of mental breakdown in the coming year which is very important because I'm truly moving out and becoming independent this year. 2 Focus on mental health  I have wild projects. I have wild interests with no real direction. Often something happens which makes me think my idea is a bad one and I'll just totally drop the project. Instead of hiring artists to come up with stupid memes for me which is actually something I've tried recently and instead of buying a synthesizer keyboard and instead of getting a hotel room next to a bar so I can have some fun I'm going to focus my creative energy on mental health. It may end up being my career choice. I have already been doing this with my half baked mental health fundraiser idea which hasn't really taken off yet even though I have a website. I feel more realistic mental health goals will be a better idea. Such as advocacy for mental health patients. I can use the internet to achieve awareness goals. Also I found this site which is a nice entry point HTTP://money.howstuffworks.com/economics/volunteer/opportunities/volunteer with mental health patients3.htm  3 Stay on social security until I graduate  No real debate here I want to go to school and my advantage of being on social security is one I have decided to continue taking ... advantage... of. 4 Stop blaming family  Although I do try to get my point across I essentially am using them as an excuse because of my semi dependence on them. I think moving is the best way to achieve this goal. I think I should be honest to this goal and stop posting about them on Facebook. 5 Go to school for at least one year  Now this is what the debate is about. College or no? Obviously my entire belief system about culture society and success revolve around an education. However several people have made me reconsider this. So I've decided to at least take one year of school which is one half of an associates degree and decide what I want to do from there. This entire list is essentially a one year plan for my college life. This isn't one of the points but I'm moving to Naples this summer.  6 Get a roommate within one year  I think for right now this will be too difficult. However I can achieve two purposes by finding roommates. One I can save a lot of money. Two I can finally re socialize myself. It's been very challenging not seeing people irl. I also want a relationship with someone. So by the time I start reducing the medication and when the time comes to decide if I want to continue college I want to get to make the decision myself on whether or not I want a roommate also.  7 Don't have kids don't get married  No brainer my life would really suck with this disease trying to balance a kid and wife. I think I'm a burden now? Imagine if I had to borrow THOUSANDS instead of HUNDREDS of dollars from my family. Plus it would be really bad for the kid. Just sayin'. What with my disease completely obsessing me and all. I have a lot to say about schizophrenia but it's pretty biased. For example I have what I would define a low risk mental state considering I hate doing drugs breaking the law I'm not morbidly depressed and I've never been suicidal. Another factor making this low risk is my family's support although I do find some problems with them at times. I'm also very... intelligent? Intuitive? Lucky? Because I have the self awareness to improve my condition. Oh I need to add that even if I don't follow this broad list of goals I do not ever want to change my mind again once I decide something. It's kinda related to my disordered thinking that I even do it in the first place and it's very destructive when I do that... So never again! NO REGRETS! Chapter 4 Poems Innovative rhythmic scientific and emotional  these describe the poems of Caesar Naples. Stream of consciousness was a major interest of his and we have noticed in his development that his stream of conscious style evolved from dyslexic conversations with several imagined people at once to deeply introspective more controlled pieces over time. Deleterious clicks inside the brain An early piece and one of his favorites. It describes the chemical activity of neurotransmitters in the brain. Naples had this to say about Deleterious clicks inside the brain: I was predicting the experience of psychosis years before I was psychotic.  He used a rhythmic vocoder track which works great for his reading of this poem. Click Song to hear the recording. Full text each second drip drip the neurotransmitters click the fuel injector mists flammability into an engine block  pop fizz bubbling meninges static zap  brain stem's connected to the thought bone  thought bone's connected to the fifteen dimensions right under your nose  through the roof you can't see the hole in the floor an underground tunnel connecting all the houses from here to Devil's Peak  step through the threshold  you will fall upwards and become an exploded diagram brain fits beside the head heart among tissue and bone guts wrap around your belly button and you will spin on stage wearing wooden toed shoes click click you can hear the applause slip brain reactor meninges bubbling with quantum foam fizz pop grey matter is a fountain drink Profile Caesar Naples returns to his little documented ironic seething style with this poem about a girl's profile he found on Xanga.  Many years later he used a synthesizer with a vocoder to record a very stylistic reading of this poem. He named the track Spouts. Click on Song to listen Full text Spouts of white sheets tossed up by the breakfast air  hot red elbow nudging its way out of the bed  extra thin socks pushing the floor  sun graced window she's shouting  you must be a pervert rick  the girl counting calories  in her digital diary is  all full of rage because her  boy didn't  come Untitled A very early poem posted on Xanga. We are discussing the possibility that Untitled was written during one of Caesar Naples' first psychotic experiences. Full text slept late i don't know what happens between awake times i say this because i used to feel not so lost before  Feel like I'm being chewed all on my left side by some damned maw a wall of jaw pink like pussy  Yeah I get the greed times I feel the need sometimes Not talking about pussy but shit food that's all it is now  tuna is fish shit in a can and after breakfast I just chew some more feel my stomach brew know it's a grub inside  But don't forget you roam don't forget anyone can hate a work of art. Not talking to anyone just myself I think  Anyone there? Teenage time for morbid depression: If I'm not careful I might just snuff me out poof alone I want to meet the ghost of a lifetime before I am forced to divorce my own tomb but damn I woke up cold this  afternoon Chapter 5 Short Stories Self taught story teller Naples was a master of climax. Deep dreamy fantastic themes characterize his short stories.  In high school he read short stories voraciously and upon finishing one would emulate that author's style. Particularly interested in the structure and development of a good story he focused on creating high quality work from a very young age. A tale from the dark woods Provided here with Naples' own introduction. He was still in high school when he wrote this piece. Caesar Naples would use his stories to entertain and lead his friends. His friends found immense enjoyment from his creativity. An early piece it is undeveloped and influenced by marijuana. However we think you'll enjoy. Full text Here is an interesting bizarre piece that I wrote shortly before a cabin canoe adventure with my friends. I intended to share it then but I chose not to. A wise decision. The story is essentially stoner food. Don't take it too seriously I don't I can't help but to write about sexual frustration. a Tale from the Dark Woods  Sebastion was the only of his close peer group to not transmorph into a soul eating rot monster. He lasted so long largely because of his inability to focus.  The last member of his close peer group also an attention deficit loner lost his own humanity to Guitar Hero when his ego vibrations hit the identical frequency of millions across the world who rocked out to Sonic Youth on Hard difficulty at the exact same time. The tune was originally transmitted from space into the heads of band members like so many other alternative rock hits of the era. It was the song's heavy noise feedback which permitted subversive suggestions to come into direct contact with his friend's brain waves and ultimately destroy him. Sebastion wasn't positive but he did suspect that his friend's finger movements during the song had adopted a rhythm especially designed to meet the aliens' multidimensional desires.  Another friend was lost after a fourteen hour South Park marathon. Sebastion knew to never even sit nearby the television for so long. The galacto political dramas of South Park proved too much of a strain upon the unconscious of Sebastion's currently employed married socially active and totally soulless former friend.  The woods that night  that is the night Sebastion lost every morsel of humanity he had left  well almost every morsel until he chopped off his  never mind then  the woods were chimmering softly from all the tiny robotic insects around. The muddy green trees could barely be seen by the prominent moon which hung limp in the sky like a solo white egg. It was there on that dusty porch that Sebastion was confronted by the super being from space.  Of course the encounter was no surprise to Sebastion. Any visit from space is foreshadowed whether by explosions in the sky or the rabid prophetic drawings of your seven year old daughter. Sebastian knew because of the album: The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust by David Bowie and really anyone else who had ever listened to the album knew too. Sebastion was always amused when he thought of how most spiritual problems could be solved with careful study of that album. The super being came from the direction of the moon and demanded instantly that Sebastion remove his penis.  Sebastion winced then quivered as the super being's astro voice tickled the inside of his skull. The penis to be severed might sorely be missed he thought. He wondered if his hallucinations had evolved into un recognizability once again.  Then the crickets chirped and changed their tone. Do it. Do it they chimmered. Sebastion's altered inner chronograph registered several seconds as actually having been twelve minutes long due to his hyperactive psyche. Many images appeared and reappeared in his thoughts images of gore and morbid drippings. Invisibly the alien hummed. Castration... the word tasted strange upon his tongue. He heard a voice in his head: Cut your cock off. Cut your cock off. Only a machete could be found. Sebastion gripped it white knuckled. He raised the steel and let it dip down slow like. Am I promised an enlightened afterlife? No feedback was detectable by Sebastion. What the hell. My cock is just an illusion anyway and he cleaved his crotch pork butcher style. The meat fell off the porch into the dirt. Sebastion's eyes rolled backwards and the crickets did chimmer. The super being projected from within a fungus spore across the galaxy smiled his immaterial smile and placed the penis and testicles inside his tiny space ship. Shrinking himself he flew into the moon once more. Sebastion would remain unconscious until dawn. He awoke full of new energy and made plans to live in a canoe for the remainder of his life floating the river bend with true contentment.  His cock free life choice he never regretted. If the alien super being from space  or as Sebastion preferred to think of him as  God hadn't demanded of Sebastion utter castration he would be as confused and downtrodden as his lost formerly human companions. Bio Experts agree while this may have been inspired by Caesar Naples' life it is definitely not a bio. It is fiction. The assignment for a podcast was to create an inspirational piece. Naples' said I felt I was out of my element for this one. I was completely focused on recovery and this happened. I think what made it challenging was the prompt. It's the first piece I've written since high school for a prompt... And went on to add that the landlord was supposed to be his grandfather. Full text Not long ago homelessness was the devil on his shoulder. He felt the devil was real. As real as seraphs or sirens. It was sirens that led him to that place in the past. He switched his car from manual to automatic transmission because he was already on the highway. It was three hundred and forty five miles from his home to his destination most of it on the highway. He never became homeless really. If it was not for his parents he questions whether or not he would have survived. He had read about schizophrenic people before but never thought twice about it.  That's not right he said to himself. I was intrigued by their disease in high school. He drew a deep sigh. It's not important.  Remembering he thought of the time he had been referred to a psychiatrist. The depression therapy sessions had become paranoid investigations into his delusions about cameras and murderers. The therapist finally gave him a card for a bona fide psychiatrist.  I can tell from your body language that you don't want to be here his therapist said. I regret ending our sessions but I am no longer qualified to help you.  Ending his depression sessions was like putting on a mask he couldn't take off. His psychiatrist was impersonal and cold prescribing his medications only after intense interviews that filled him with shame. He saw nothing in the Rorschach ink blot tests that indicated a problem but they still gave him the feeling that the corpse of his childhood now unquestionably could never be revived. He once found Rorschach tests to be interesting. Now he felt like half a man. It was this he thought that characterized his illness. Not forgotten but trampled upon his innocence and curiosity from youth had been lost. He saw his psychiatrist once a month for twenty four months. Once his psychiatrist asked Have you ever thought of making any friends at church or in your neighborhood? It was out of form with his new in and out sessions.  He responded bitterly. That's exactly what I need he said. His psychiatrist told him later that he should avoid spending time with anyone new. At that time he identified with homeless people in his large metropolitan city. Insane conversations of aliens and CIA plots fidgety men and women cursing their damned luck. But something he never let go of in these street side discussions was his sense of self identification. On the highway he compared himself to the homeless people and found many similarities.  Another time his psychiatrist asked him what he intended to do with his life. He said What's it to you? and swore. Why does everyone ask me what I'm going to do with my life? He was furious and the doctor upped his medication. In the clutches of his disease he did have plans  grandiose plans that only embittered him more as he lacked the faculties to follow through with them. Throughout this entire period relationships with his family suffered. Screaming he told them he was moving out to sell drugs. He could barely remember their reaction; he wasn't looking at them  he was looking at the voices in his head. But something he did remember very clearly indeed was a conversation with his landlord months later. It was after he had moved out and failed to successfully sell drugs as he had planned. He was sitting on his porch and his landlord was inspecting the windows. Am I getting new ones he asked. His landlord replied Weatherproof sound proof double thick and double paned. The guy's coming Saturday. Alternatively pleased and terrified he asked Will I be here when he installs them?  His landlord put down his tape measurer and looked at him with frustration. I don't know will ya?  Something happened. Something happened inside his head. The delusions the false thoughts and rapid impressive hallucinations suddenly were in his landlord's voice where he could examine them more clearly. His landlord's face reminded him of his youth reminded him of the personality that had been transformed over the past year and a half and longer. He saw a glimmer of he former faculties in his landlord's features.  I guess I will be... he said voice trailing. Solidarity. Continuity. These were his new ideas two things he had forgotten about. His landlord said I'm using your deposit to pay for em. Should block out the noise.  And he remembered thinking the noise IS very bothersome. He was on the highway still almost to his destination. He said to himself It was his body language that's what helped me. Rationality. Presence. And it was an out there question after all.  Arriving in town he flipped back to manual and galloped down the streets at a determined pace. He was a skilled driver. And after buying the car it was a challenge to stay under the limit.  He felt like he was floating as he entered the office. A familiar voice greeted him then his depression therapist said quietly I can tell from your body language that you want to be here. And twenty four months slipped from his memory. Leatherworking What can only be described as a magical piece Caesar Naples hints at Eastern psychedelia Western gaming and technology addictions and the burden of nightmares. Written during a psychotic time in his life he was not incapable of pumping out haunting fiction. Full text I woke up and sucked the life out of two cigarettes before stepping into my living room. Windows couches television. I checked the paper on my electronic book reader. New York Times every word of it tearing out my eyes. I try to read the yogi book reflect on its insistent almost commanding tone the tone of a spiritual icon hidden from Western life trying desperately to confirm his faith to millions. I cough. That's me. And it really is me in a way though the Times claws at my faith like nothing not even my current situation and the only place I'm a real icon is to my guild members cybernetically dreaming in polygons of elves and warlords that new type of imagination that taxes the lingual skills almost like turning your brain into lines of talking code. My house isn't alive like it used to be waking me up talking to me asking me to settle down and enjoy tea look outside and think about the neighbors. Now its dead and I'm left with this technological feeling like I'm being scanned or remembered posthumously in a catalogue. Its all because of this new world view I had adopted determining the brain of God must be the ultimate processor rendering every atom for me like my new graphics card. I push the button on my PC. I expect the usual shift in energy of the objects around me but get nothing. I'm lying in the bottom of an empty hole. My nightmare. Logging in I think about how I no longer log in to my daily world. I've learned to skip the procedure and watch reality warp in respect to how out of touch I am. The mail arriving without me registering what time it is. Television talking to somebody else in the room. He pushes his finger under his lip to suck on the joy of my daily living. I think somebody must be reading this. Somebody must be reading my mind. Jennifer arrives. She brings with her a materialized golden Indian palace all bejeweled in our minds. Solid as the house I rent. She's been reading the same yogi book which claims you can do such things with the simple human brain. We've mastered it. Catch the Times?  Caught the Times.  Everything is forgotten as we choke down a mutual feeling of real pleasure then she disconnects and I'm left back with these shards of humdrumness in my stomach. If every atom in the universe is in God's mind then what happens when God takes his dog out for a walk I almost feint? I ask her that question in a different form.  Have you logged in today?  Of course she has its already eleven am. She watches me log in typing my password and waiting for the update. She sighs. Why did we ever even start this? She's talking about our role playing guild.  I don't know. Do you want to stop?  She closes her eyes. Yes. It's like the breath of a prayer. The guild is taking a drain on both of us.  We can't stop. We've invested too much time. We couldn't stop if we wanted to. I've forgotten how to cook a real dinner.  She starts crying. I had a dream last night.  Don't tell me about it. I had a dream too. I have dreams every night. Mendax A poetic piece Naples began to write this in his hometown's public library. Pay attention to his vocabulary. A master! Full Text He dwells inside the moistened candle lit basement beneath his mother's bedroom. Thick black ink drips from his quill onto damp parchment like hot tar poured upon bleached flesh. His heavy printed runes run straight and even a text comprehensible only by himself and few others. Slowly he writes speaking aloud with hissing consonants hollowed vowels.  My dearest love Mera  May you never so drearily decompose. My limbs loosen and my mind liquefies inside this inhuman hive. Still alive yes I have managed to survive. But the worms appear less often than before and some days not even one will crawl onto my yellow dinner plate. Now so emaciated and anemic my meals appear not like earthworms but as tendrils insipid; as if plucked from some ripening cave bound corpse.  Winter approaches and as the food thins so do I thin. You would recognize me but who else? Perhaps Mother were she to ever free me for now that I am enfeebled I have become nearly identical to my memory of her. Though unknowingly she glances upon my own haggard face at her every reflection. The witch would loath me all the more for that!  Eternally yours  Mendax  A cold breath sets the ink. Mendax mutters a final soft incantation and hangs the page between two fingers above his candle flame. Fiery blue tongues consume the message in an instant. After a disappointed glance around his cave to check for recently emerged worms his head falls dully to the wooden desktop. The quiet wheeze of his atrophied lungs grows softer as drowsiness overcomes him.   Mendax awaken.  His eyes snap open and he turns raving to pronounce a spell with hands clawing the air before him. Stop and he stops mid syllable. Sit and he sits stiffly cross legged on the cold ground. Your mother has missed you Mendax. You should greet her with love and affection not thin curses to set her ablaze.  Furious rage; his eyes smolder and yet he remains still unable to combust  frozen by his mother's gripping magic.  Ah amusing  you still exhibit no control over your primal emotions. I birthed a wild beast! The grin is dark like cheated death. Tell me is your mother beautiful? Go ahead I'll allow you to speak this once.  By a foreign volition his voice activates. You are more beautiful even than the wild moon Mother. Silent horror reverberates inside his head. Her high laughter is nauseating.  How you flatter me my charming boy. Perhaps you wonder why I have come to visit you this glorious day after two years of your solitary confinement? It was love that brought me here mostly  and to tell you the wonderful news. I have finally met young Mera: stunning absolutely stunning young woman. Do you know she attempted the very same curse that you did just now when she saw me herself? It seems you told her of my weakness to fire in those long hours you spent studying the arcane with her. Darling son I forgive you I forgive you it's all behind us. We can devote all our love to each other now as it should be; as it always should have been. Do you want me to tell you what I did to your Mera Mendax? Do you want to know how she screamed when I pulled her eyes out of both orbits with a single word? And how pitifully she did scream Mendax; how pitiful and weak she was. She turns her back to him and lifts her arm to open the door atop the staircase which led to her bedroom. Blinding light shines through the threshold silhouetted by a girl's figure. Mera! He strains with all his will against the forces tying him down; struggles with all his love to stand and run up to her. Shrill crow laughter smothers him. He can only watch as the figure sways alarmingly and then topples forward down the staircase. Brutal thuds sound as skull and limbs crash down each step. Billowing in the wake of the body hundreds of pages float downwards  Mendax's letters. Only when her body finally reaches the bottom of the staircase does his mother free him from bondage.  In an instant he reaches Mera and kneels to hold her soft body brushing off the scattered pages hoping that life still could exist even dimly within her. He turns his lover over to see Mendax! I stole her face Mendax all her beauty mine! Hysterical cackles echo around him. Too mortified to even summon the words for a spell he turns to his mother and looks upon a new face: a face with youthful vibrant cheeks and full lips and crystalline clear eyes  a face he had yearned for each day spent alone in this basement  Mera's face. He returns again to the cold corpse in his arms and sees an unrecognizable visage: red gory muscles glistening where supple white skin once had been; horrifying jagged cuts made under her chin around her jaw all the way up to hollow eye sockets.  Beloved son I ask a favor before I depart. You are looking rather thin lately. It would comfort your mother for you to eat that girl's corpse before it begins to rot. The flesh should provide more than satisfactory sustenance for several days. One final shriek of laughter. And I worry so for your health that if you don't do it soon I would simply force you to eat her myself! She disappears. The basement door slams shut above him locked by his mother's icy magic. Mendax weeps trapped below his mother's bedroom once more.  Then both eyes fall upon Mera. Monster Energy Drink Inspired by his gay roommate this story is an allegory of the hypersexuality of drug users. Full text Weeks upon horseback ended here. He stood before the legendary lake heavy boots sinking into the silver mud shore. Craggled mud clay dunes shaped the surrounding the landscape. A quiet wind chilled his skin.  The face of the lake was stiller than he had imagined from the stories of the mysterious traveler who had first describe this legendary lake to him. The man who appeared at the tavern one evening had quietly mentioned a place where he had once been and gave away a map leading there.  He retrieved from his dry saddlebag the piece of soft parchment. Its edges were frayed from travel  this leaf had seen many hands and many more miles. Markings of lead pencil forming a basic map upon it had been smudged almost to indiscernability. The mysterious traveler had given him this page insisting that he himself did not have enough strength left to ever return but with a promise that any adventurer willing to make the long journey would be rewarded in unimaginable ways.  He was not checking his bearings as he had checked countless times during his journey. He squinted and his rough voice recited the incantation scratched above the map:  Awaken Monsters Caffeine kings  I need a booster  give me wings.  That was all that was written. He lifted his eyes from the page and to the glassy surface of the legendary lake. Nothing.  Then the wind shifted almost imperceptibly. Now a stronger gust blew into his face from the lake. The gale was warm and broad causing pebbles to roll up along the shore. His hand rose to protect his eyes from the lifting dust. Invigorated waters jostled tumultuously; crashing downwards and upwards twisting misting. Tall roaring waves began to form and rise up the shoreline towards him fall then blast up again higher pushed by the bizarre wind. Chill sharp wetness bit his face as a wall of water crashed upon him. A crescendo of deafening noise filled his ears and he cried out as the wave washed his body to the hard ground.  Silence. Flat on his back he could feel the water retreating; hear the sound of it peacefully flowing back into the legendary lake. The wind was again quiet and cold.  Soggily he arose. He still gripped the parchment in his hand. Dunes had been flattened; big stones scattered about. Wood had been ripped from trees on the opposite shore and accumulated in dense piles around him. With sudden alarm he searched for his horse. Gone. Spooked perhaps  or lifted to the sky blown away? Thick remorse enveloped him. Though a beast the horse had been a steadfast companion to him during the many trials of travel.  As he scanned the area for signs of his beloved horse he noticed something odd about nearby boulder. The boulder not too far off between him and the shore had been one of the dunes. The powerful gale had washed away the mud to uncover this huge stone. Although the boulder was itself unremarkable what sat atop it struck him as very strange. Something shiny; blue. Cylindrical. Fully intrigued and with mounting excitement he navigated around debris towards the bright object that winked at him in the sun remembering the mysterious traveler's promise of great rewards.  When he reached the object he bent and brought his face very close. Tiny letters spelled foreign words: Nutrition Facts Please Recycle and a long list of incomprehensible ingredients. The largest words appeared in a menacing text on the very front:  Monster Energy  A noise. Pop. Fizz. The top of the cylinder had by some unseen force snapped open. Thrilled he reached for the blue object and marveled at its temperature. Ice cold. He tried to bring the hole up to his eye for a close look but a light blue liquid splashed out onto him when he tipped it. Cursing himself he straightened it and peered in from above. More blue liquid sloshed around inside.  Should he cleanse his body with the gift? He put the cylinder to his nose and sniffed curiously. Fruity. Perhaps this was a potion of some kind? Yes that would make sense  given the magical nature of recent events it seemed appropriate that he would be given a potion. Cautiously taking care not to spill any more he tasted the liquid. The flavor was not repulsive. He swallowed bigger and bigger gulps slurping the contents until finally the cylinder was empty. He belched.  Beside this legendary lake anxiously awaiting something  anything  to happen a new sensation settled within him: a stomach ache. Groaning he clutched his middle region and harbored resentful thoughts towards that mysterious traveler who had directed him on this journey so ill fated that he had both lost his horse and become rather sick alone and far from any doctor.  Pacing  brooding  before the boulder with his supposed reward tossed carelessly to the mud he was struck with the awareness that his heart was thudding loudly against his chest. And his breathing was different  he drew great gulps of air more quickly and deeply as if he had run a great distance. When a facial muscle began to twitch rhythmically just above his cheek bone he thought that perhaps the drink was magic after all and would begin to work soon after this short attack of strange side effects. The muscle on his cheek then smoothed and ceased to flutter but gasping still he became hot suddenly. A drop of sweat marched down his forehead.  Panic clenched him when muscles all across his skeleton were seized by great shuddering spasms. A violent convulsion toppled his body. He writhed upon the ground blood pulse beating too brutally against his skull to hear his own shrieks; lungs near bursting face contorting as extreme nervous malfunctions warped his features into gruesome expressions  inhuman monstrous. His curled fingers dug into the mud. Grey sky oppressed him clouds assuming forms that jeered at him guffawing with the wind. The legendary lake like a flat oblong eye seemed to peer downwards at him  silent and amused.  Then as if his tormentor had been satisfied the convulsions reduced by degrees. He sensed the energies which had animated and overwhelmed him internalize within his flesh become part of him  a fire digested in his blood. He arose with an ease that surprised him. Arteries pulsed and sizzled beneath his skin like lightning coils. In his head the violent toll of his heart had been replaced by his own thoughts. His consciousness had grown loud huge towering filling the broad sky. A spectrum of bare emotions vibrated within him now  and he had not only gained an immense intellect but an influence upon the outer world as well: the dark clouds swirled no longer by the forces of nature but at the beckoning of his own foreboding desire. His breath was the cold wind. His thoughts were the toppling clouds. He exercised his newfound powers by materializing an image of his former self upon the moist mud in front of him. Sharp disgust pushed nauseatingly upwards like vomit; disgust which like an animal he expurged with an atmosphere shattering roar. In a vision from the ancient past he remembered how he had slowly made this journey upon horseback. What had he been seeking? He hadn't even known then hadn't any clue; had followed his intuition unquestioningly with the mysterious traveler's promise dangling like a carrot before his stupid face.  And at what a slothly pace he had progressed inch by inch along the stretching roads entertained only by that dull horse! He would have the power now to make the trip in two great leaps  if he wished to return home  but he flinched at the memory of that abysmally drab house and his vapid wife and her filthy children and the pale grass and those thin clothes and his meritless job tending the horses on his boss's farm and his limp voice and his lame grip and his shallow breath and his defeated acquiescence. . .  He knew he was no longer that man. His core self was the same  his ego remained intact in fact magnified  but that insipid flesh which so limited him before had been transmogrified into an indefatigable muscle without inhibition; a wild horse without doubts or fears or weakness. And yet this couldn't be the reward that the mysterious traveler had promised. What he yearned for before he still yearned for now. Although capable of anything he yet remained with nothing to satisfy him. Acute rage combusted within him and he lunged wildly at the materialized image of himself; its clone face mocking surprise it shortly dissolved leaving him alone again before the legendary lake.  When he perceived a muted neigh the hanging clouds began to ripple weirdly. His heightened senses could actually detect the odor of the mare's dank sweat. He noticed the deep hoof tracks leading away from the water and scoffed at the ineptitude of his former self. By following the impressions to the crest of a hill he could then see the fretting animal near a thick solitary tree not far away.  He felt compelled to approach the horse. There was no need to ride it and he was not in the mood for companionship but something about the sound the sight the smell of this horse made him flush. His heart thudded once more; his palms moistened. The heat from the horse's body radiated to him and he was drawn to the flesh. He brought a hand forward to touch the fur and in the instant he touched it he gasped. Every follicle made his skin tingle with a pleasant sensation; the smooth texture was sublime. He walked around to the end of the mare hand gliding along the curves of the mare's body and when he stood behind it with heavy breath pangs of longing made it difficult to not caress the hind legs with both hands. The clouds were havoc.  Shirt ripped off he was unable to resist the urge to press his full body up against the animal the flesh so warm and wet. The horse tried to step away but he gripped its rear holding it forcefully down. Wildly he pulled his leather pants down and pushed his erection into the animal. The animal struggled whinnied and it attempted to pull away but he used all his strength to keep it in place. He began to thrust deeply into the animal with growing force pleasure waves coursing from his groin to his entire body. The satisfaction was overwhelming when he pushed his fingers into its anus. As he plunged his entire fist deep into its rectum the mare's hind legs tried to kick  but his forcible grip caused its knees to snap. He neighed.  This is my reward!  He achieved orgasm. And the clouds were limp. Red bull What happens when I drink Red Bulls  full title  Another story inspired by energy drinks. We don't know where the girl came from in this piece and can only trust our instincts when we say that we believe he actually was in a casino when he wrote it. How else would you explain the scattered thoughts? However he still brings it home in this touching piece. Full text It started as a cutesy story but I couldn't bring myself to create that kind of mock up. It would have been a true story too. I wouldn't have to make anything up but I don't know how to begin. Maybe with the jacket. She gave it to him. Oh before I forget I'm writing this from a casino travel plaza and I'm pretty sure that this guy that came up to me was on meth. It's just that it's awfully early to be drinking a F'real milkshake at 5:08 in the morning. Also he said hi like someone who was stimulated. Maybe he's just gay. I mean I'm stimulated myself. I drank two red bulls about an hour ago. Not one. Two. They upset my stomach so I'm burping and farting in discomfort. She gave him the jacket and he always wore it.  Oh God I think I'm racist now. I think all black people are threatening. I can't believe I'm admitting this. Well I guess I find white people threatening too so it's not all bad. But anyway I didn't used to be racist. It happened last year when I developed a phobia of the Black Panthers and now I think all black people are somehow connected to them. I feel like someone's going to attack me for being racist.  I hate it when people look like they can read your mind. I think I'm tripping right now.  She was the stimulus of his ongoing transformation. He said I'm sorry but wasn't really apologizing for anything. This is what I'm talking about. And if it wasn't for her New World Order beliefs he's even be afraid of her. She tempered extreme views with an enlightened perspective. Her actions were extreme too. For example right now she was giving him some extreme lovin'. The red bulls made me super edgy. I'm clenching my teeth and paranoid and I know I wouldn't survive as a meth user like that other guy. I can only assume this sensation is just magnified with meth. That sounds horrible. I think I'm creeping everyone out by sitting here and writing. I look really uncomfortable and I keep burping. Just imagine that coupled with being extremely skinny from meth or worse include an angry element to my demeanor because I've heard that meth makes you angry. Not that I ever got angry when I did it. I don't know why I talk about meth so much. She didn't do it and neither did he. He wondered if everyone there was being fooled by some rogue deity. The he said he was sorry again.  Why does that comfort you she asked.  What do you mean?  You know you don't have to say you're sorry. I want you to know that it's OK.  OK.  I was really disappointed in the people here. I was like him I wondered if they were being tricked somehow. I mean I feel like I'm being tricked somehow and I'm more intelligent than most of these people. It just seems like they should be more on the defense. And I'm talking about the other people in this gas station that I'm sitting inside at a table with all the other chairs upside down and on top of the table because they mopped earlier. I met someone named Darryl her earlier.  He said I just don't want to hurt your feelings.  Nothing you could say could hurt my feelings unless you said something really mean.  I wouldn't do that.  I think I need to calm down. It wasn't that he was insecure he was just down and well insecure.  She said Look you've never hurt my feelings before and I don't expect you to start now. You're a respectful man and I know you have the highest regard for me. We're just going to wait in this parking lot for a little while longer and at 6:00 when we're allowed to we'll go in there and buy some beer. Then we'll go home and get wasted at 6 in the morning.  He laughed and it was a tingly delicate laugh that made his whole body feel better. He was sick like me. I think they started necking to pass the time but I don't remember too well. I know he was wearing his jacket. Strip A more chill piece as the youngsters would say. This describes a character who enjoys painting. Naples loved to paint as well. We can't help but wonder if this story was meant to be continued. Naples' drastic egotism is on full display in this one. He is both characters. He is the old couple walking by. He is the ones who look homeless. He is this and more. He is Caesar Naples. Full text He was walking down the strip and saw neon signs sort of combining with the car headlights. He saw it with a painter's vision but he wondered if the paints would mix on the canvas and become smudgy. He sighed. Some things just weren't replicable. The businesses were lively this time of night the restaurants and bars some with neon lights or something like neon lights glowing from inside with people bustling in and out forming into lines outside the clubs with big doormen allowing access one by one. Party busses were traveling down the roads and he remembered that he used to think they were full of people trapped by their own drunkeness balls of energy filling club after club or bar after bar with their zombie like fear and delinquency an urban nightmare of sorts where he used to imagine people got picked up and taken away never to be seen again forgotten by their friends and killed in the most sarcastic of ways by the rulers of the strip. But he realized now that that fantasy wasn't real and these people were there by choice and most would go home safely. That is if they weren't arrested in which instance his fantasy still kind of made sense. He saw two people that with all fairness weren't homeless but looked homeless anyway more delinquents sitting next to each other in heavy coats a picture of renaissance poverty and he wondered if he could capture the weight of their demeanor in a painting. Maybe if it were daytime. A night scene would suggest they were hiding something fun and he thought there wasn't much they could hide sitting on the sidewalk like that chainsmoking like little demons. They were talking to each other in a certain city trash dialect that honestly scared him with its suggestion of ignorance and infantility. He turned to enter the parking lot where his roommate was waiting for him in his slick black car; with working air conditioning and a cd changer system leather seats and tinted windows utterly clean and polished. They didn't speak his roommate just quietly zoomed onto the street those lights and headlights still combining in his vision but from behind the tint of the windshield and he thought that the scene might be easier to paint from behind the tint. I have to stop his roommate said. He didn't really need to reply but he said. Do you think green goes well with dark shades of blue? What shade of green? Apple. Are you designing a dinner plate? His roommate was all but disinterested. Yes. I'm going to eat these people I saw for dinner. I'm designing a new ceramic for it. It was sarcasm. His roommate always made him sarcastic. Why do you even try to paint? It's not your thing. That was true. But he loved sitting down and working with color choosing a palette. He learned composition from photography which wasn't his thing either and could form shapes into beautiful depictions of faces or trees. It was a messy art though and he alway had to change clothes before starting. He actually had framed two of his paintings and put them in the kitchen of their apartment a wine glass and the back of someone's head two things he saw a lot of at his job in the restaurant. Look we're different from these people. We have talent. We have vision. If we didn't focus our time on improving the things we're best at we'll never become virtuosos. His roommate talked about virtuosos a lot. They were still downtown so the streets really were full of people. Do you see those two? It was a middle aged couple on the passenger side. They spent their lives in the doldrums. Inspiration for them is having the idea to take a shit. Do you know how little they've seen in their lives? How little they have learned? They look like they went to college. They look like they have nice jobs. But think of where they begin and where they end. It's two distinctly average points. He said I hope you're joking about becoming a virtuoso and they pulled into the downtown convenience store. No. I have to get cigarettes. That's distinctly average. But he smoked too. Chapter 6 Other For everything not a poem short story or personal post. Usually these are either drawings or posts on websites that we felt were indicative of Caesar Naples' creativity. fatalism complete and total fatalism. Post human depression like a destroyed moon and nothing I say is really true full title  A string of comments on facebook. No this is still all Naples  nobody responded. It's close to a poem close to a short story and close to our hearts. The theme? Moon music. That's how we'd describe it.  Each paragraph and the title is a separate comment on a status update on Naples' Facebook page. Full text A destroyed moon our fucking escape ruined by bombs  And the stupid artists can't come up with a new one it being created by an explosion before we had evolved. A wasted satellite whose debris will probably crash into us for years to come  Those fucking literati with their suggestive moon heal they couldn't fix the sky if it was to save their lives all they've got is pages and pages of science fiction ideas all ruling the world with their persuasiveness  What's worse is the idiots who subscribe to the daily feed of nonsense about space and aliens who care what the God of Novel Ideas says to them and take it seriously and maybe even tell their kids things like we're all facing the extra terrestrial threat  It's obvious at this point the U.F.O's were just dandelions floating in the sky I called the author of it all and he said leave me the hell alone I'm so past that. But the readers feel the project was timeless and true  And the counter point is a spaceship that sinks into the sun to find the halo orbs which the video games talked about but didn't those living forms who love their planet the sun the communicating anti satellite which we all revolve and will absorb us  But yeah it's fucking aliens that's for sure who programmed our D.N.A. into self conflicting shapes that fight girls versus boys versus girls and it's all true I believe it for two second until my head explodes and I thinks to myself. It's focus.  But no I don't believe it I've written down what I believe and it's all under a pen name Mr Sky Walker like the movie which is relevant to this entire conversation  the monologue soliloquy which found Jesus and told him I know it's Satan and I want You  Satan who forms himself into a ball above Earth and remembers the tribal warfare of the animals who sucks his own dick like a dog or a rat. Not a rat he doesn't speak his mind like a rat. More like a horse. A sky for shoeing horses under.  God I could go on. The murderer of my family found a peacebone and felt the dinosaurs didn't exist anymore or were teleported to Saturn which visits us still being in the ice age like a floating Bender from Futurama. Yes exactly like that  This is all because I listened to the black keys Matt Jewett Williams  For Emma Forever Ago you have my heart  I took your brain and opened it up you said stay and I said go go go my my my my my my my my. It's art I swear the way you told me to stay but I went and the death was perfect the way I found hell in an instant and went to jail and that's all over by now  But Bon Iver you said you were sweating under your brow and I knew you were my fault or it was my fault and you were my God who told me to make it just one more month and I didn't and I'm rambling now but my life is over and where's my wife this sad replacement for a kind friendship is sad  I'm just typing now out of nonsense but I thought it was cool how you listened to the music and played it back to me in the car Ooh woo hoo which is straight from the album  State of emergency that barely phased you and holocene is the best song I've ever heard that guitar phrase came from my own wrongness and delusion you parted with me and came up with the strain it is not part of me and I am separate from it however beautiful it is  This is all spotify I can't listen to anything else and I wish I could come up with my own lyrics maybe this is a song but I know the phrases I've come up with will mean nothing. So why do you repeat it? and eat it and begin to believe it... I shouldn't know I'm on the other side of the fence where the grass is greener  I'm so bored and I could keep talking like a bird a parrot or a dolphin with skills beyond our comprehension a light scribe born again into the sea built like the Arc who betrayed itself with its own similarity to the moon  I mean seriously what the fuck where does this come from this insurance state I find myself in with broken little boys finding the answers in hidden later to be revealed walks through the neighborhood it's just a place to live it's not a gun you're listening to the future of an ultracorporation  Fucking swear and you'll find the inspiration on a swing into space taken into the sky like a young master ascended to the stars immaculately faithless yet full of belief in the Paseo between the trees when you were seventeen and you still remember because it's the closest you ever came and that will never never happen again  The radio which you find yourself listening to which warns you of the dangers of speaking your mind on facebook and tells you stuff like That song came from hell and is bringing you back there it's not poetic man and you won't listen for long creating your own danger in the underground smoking and drinking whiskey all along  You know you were dead in Arkansas or in Naples even after all that happened you still felt dead but you were better then because you learned to touch yourself and you were alive after all I don't care if you're not listening because it took fifteen years for me to figure that out and seven years later I still don't understand just exactly what they were talking about  But the ego death through the gates of hell like the flaming lips song it took forever but you finally made it with nitrous oxide though they disapproved and DMT which you have never really done but it was in the song you found a death which you could accept your lips feeling closed and the movies you made... damn they were great  But the institution which you couldn't accept it found your dreams much later and you knew they couldn't take you seriously either with your combat attitude and your cars in the parking lots telling you about the aliens desperately so you would know  Some chords I found the perfect notes Just Some Chords not that big a deal it's deadmau5 now because i've run out of words. I know it's the underground not the battle for peace an oxymoron straight out of a Berkley hoax those intellectuals who know they can trick us but deadmau5 never would  I've got so much information to feed off of like the cabin renewal which I tried so hard to accomplish a southern style vacation home for the entire neighborhood or the sucking of water in the shower like an acid freak cheeks like spouts into the ether or the unknown  I know you didn't read all that. :  omg commencing phase jump that's exactly what I need to hear coming from 5 years ago in a high heaven where I learned the Beatles and played this game  It makes me hope again the voice and the sounds of this space simulator which I know now to be an answer to a prayer which I can play until I achieve non combat peace but it's just not edible enough for the rest of my life and I'm back to being a loner science fiction nerd  At least I know it's science fiction taking the psychic impulse and slamming it down into my toes like an evolved life form I have the soul but can I hold my breath for long enough to beat this game? Which is nostalgia at its peak a neighborhood of memories  I can't fucking do it I might have some kind of orgasm or something and at my worst I've missed the emotional impact of the situation a fucking failure but it's not okay because I'm still alone writing out all this stuff drinking coffee an unheard of haunting behind me  God I could haunt this place that's for sure a magnetic force of moon power with my memories exponentially influencing my power but hell I don't have the heart and I just need a friend  scream that's your answer squeal and shout like a fucking animal at the top of the scale you'll be fine just move to the big city with your plans and feel the impact  now I'm talking in second person I do that but it's not as embarrassing as third person which is a sign of illness so is second person but I won't admit it  it's every syllable it's an attack a verbal feeling and like a delivery man I sold it all to you the reader. I've come full circle and your science fiction nerds are all reeling in pleasure  Here I'll make it somebody else. I can't help but smiling by devendra banhart. My life is a patio of adobe stylings or mountain caves and they know I'm the terrorist to terrorize the terrorists. It's Devendra Banhart for christ Sakes  I'm just glad I'm not him who smokes marijuana and sings wild songs of distractions to keep them all off him Featured question Long ago before his illustrious writing career Caesar Naples enjoyed answering Featured Questions on Xanga. Here's one of note. It's scrambled for unknown reasons. We have tried to preserve the formatting.  Our interpretation is that he was comparing Earth to a zoo and he suggests two things. One then presidential nominee was a computer simulation and two aliens would win the election. We think the scrambling is indicative of Naples' interest in code and censorship and perhaps he was too self aware of his post to share the message clearly. What is something that you have been putting off for a long time? Thinking about the coming US presidential election.  I haven't heard media's recent c  Today when I uncmerica hrdfather looks exactly like John McCain.overed some candidate coverage in my email someone told myself overage of the electioong fund raising blips. NPR's frequency is now occupied by a sports related station. Four months away from elections I rarely even think abok?or another common one when w. Republican.  Having been starved ofecially durinwho wmedia coverage I am not positive these points are still accepted by the cokn n because listener supported NPR iave a black president when my 'liberal'My graworkmates make nigger jokes at won my area shut down after two weeks of l t want toyou know.atching televisionnut the candidates other than an occasional musing likeHow can A You knows a fleet of lobbyists y. Histopopularity too  espilrican television? He's equally lackluster in foreign countries but far more entertaining to the non na Barack Obama. A man who knod stinky.powerful speakers often find Wait hasn't all of modern historhume p John McCain. Big jaw. Supportg times of crises. This is how it breaks down. ry favors big jaws anmay noonns. George Jr. won twice and mothers did cry. Finally Obama onokeepers.dent with enol winion butow butuntrf hope. Powerful speaker. Half white. Snore y anon any Ameugh balls to mix sodomy wihasn't hadan presidean even more tenderizing notionBarrack Obama is a computer geny hitey bud I thoughtAmericay been in crisis? And for another ththe next presidentiwer od Repth family time televcohesing isn't George W. Bush the most lackluster of public speakersws thaub  Then as I took mhe last Democrat to win Clinton  the first presilicans especially when ial electi ly half way resembles terperson crenttive popof big monkulatioision. on. You since 1963and I hatedadated to amuse thezo  I've been putting off for far too long admitting to myself that I know who will win the next US presidential election:  Caesar Naples Wiki note: This was a picture of aliens. I just answered thisFeatured Question you cananswer ittoo!  they have a good heart  The mission This is a Facebook post that we can only guess is an ironic criticism of Naples' grandfather referred to as dad in this piece. The parenthesis give away the mission then deny all knowledge. Looking at his life we've concluded that Caesar Naples was squashing delusions of grandeur regarding a mysterious purpose he once sought to achieve. However his inclusion of his grandfather in this post is interesting indeed.  Full text I'll tell you the mission later. It's to smoke pot  I really shouldn't be telling you the mission. That means mission failure. I really figured out the mission about half way through. It's a pretty nice mission. I just don't want to go into it yet. It's because it needs to be legalized  I don't have a job. I don't have a clean room. I don't have any rl friends and I definitely never have any rl sex. I'm cool with that. Well I'm not really. But it's for the mission. I'm actually all about the mission  The mission only works if your dad doesn't tell you you're on a mission. And really I'm sorry boys and girls your dad isn't going to tell you. No matter what. The part I play in the mission is to be a tribute to all the men and women who got me where I am today.  That is really the mission  Here's the thing. Certain people have influence my life in a way that I can't find respect for. And I never get promoted for mission success. I'm not really mission oriented as a matter of fact.  So I've decided to tell you what I find myself inevitably working toward. The mission is codenamed Ticket To Ride. Anything means whatever it want it to mean for you. Delusion isn't a word and nothing is real. You'll make it pretty far even if you suck. Then when the time comes you get to propose to someone. It's kinda nice. Just like my duplex is kinda nice. It's not really the mission  When you find yourself buying a house think of the mission and know that your daddy's gonna take it to his grave. There's not much you can do except make children and express your woe by defaulting on your property.  Chapter 7 Artwork A crop of Self A Cool Guy Ew Tim Tuned To An Inner Channel Untitled Eye He Sings His Music To The World Mothership's Womb Ms Poppy And The Boy Who Saved Her My Body Pray 2 Pray Waka '08 Big Lips Close Encounters Partially in Color Angry Dirty Gaia Full Color Self Chapter 8 Archives We do know that Naples used to fantasize about going to a park and lifting off the swings into space. It never happened. Not very inspirational huh? Welcome to the archives. This entire chapter is composed of Xanga posts by Naples in 2006. An early taste of the genius milk. Inside the house The master at play with alliteration. Quite spacey.  Full text There are twenty buddies signed on to AIM. This situation illuminates the irony of my buddy list: I only want to instant message when no one is able to talk. When people actually log on I have no desire for conversation. Before the besiegement I had been bored and brooding  being bereft of buddies  biding the time until everybody bit the bullet and began their nightly web banter. My eyes widen at the scrolling names. I want to be alone again. Away message up: You all scare me. Adventure time.  Not really. I'm actually just sitting here. My blinds are closed and glowing from the yellow street lamp's sulfuric back lighting.  The expiring bulb on the ceiling paints hazy shadows on my olive walls. This room makes me sweat. When I grow up I don't want to own a house. I want to live floating in the orbit of Venus beneath massive and ceaseless radioactive tides. I might grow a sentient appendage somewhere on my knee. Insults would occur regularly:  You're dumb!  Nuh uh!  You're just a stupid old mutation!  Am not!  Then what are you doing growing on my knee?! Touch.  Only cultured creature of class could conclude a conversation with the remark touch. Life in outer space would never dull.  But my cosmic dream might prove to be an impossibility. I find one flaw: in the orbit of Venus there will be an absolute lack of oxygen. For now I am stuck with a more terrestrial abode. I try not to be too disappointed. At least on Earth I am surrounded by a rich supply of atmosphere. I decide to edit my away message:  You all still scare me. Adventure time. No really. I'm going to go and experience fresh air. Untitled Wednesday September 20 2006  Caesar was known to read his work at work. He was a bus boy for a time then a waiter then a boyfriend then a homeless person then a schizophrenic and now he's got published historians gathering up everything he made during those times. Kinda makes you question things doesn't it?  Full text I was in love with the teenage girl in sitting in table two oh four position three.  She had drained her water glass fifteen times in the one hour span between her arrival and departure an era that I like to refer to as the Watering Hour. Once every four minutes. A record.  Fifteen times.  The old ladies sitting around the table with my love had no concept of proper hydration. Once I idly over filled one of their glasses that was already full. Water spilled over the rim of the crystal and soaked into the paper.  Excuse me. I did not expect that a human could survive so long without taking a single sip of liquid refreshment. I often wonder why I even exist. Do you realize that it is my sole purpose in this job to refill your water? When I come to your table and all the ice has melted and the water is still touching the brim of the glass something evil stirs within me.  Pardon me?  You are not pardoned. May you burn in Hell.  Oh if only I had the wits for such an exchange! The older ones frighten me and I cannot utter anything above a whisper or anything longer than a few short syllables. The actual incident proceeded thusly: I spilled the water. I gasped an almost silent I'm sorry!  The old lady ceased to acknowledge my presence. I turned from the table with a pained expression and nearly ran to return the pitcher to its place on the ledge near the kitchen. I am timid in the presence of wrinkling carcasses such as those.  It wasn't long before I found myself back at that very same table filling the teenage girl's empty glass however and I was cheered up considerably. I wanted to sing! I'd write her a letter someday: Dear Teenage Girl  Would you like some more water? I would be glad to refill you!  Sincerely The Busboy  The pleasure I derive from making sure everyone is well hydrated seems inexplicable to the casual reader. Consider this: I am a simple busboy. There are only a few number of things I can do in the restaurant to improve our patrons' dining experience. When I see an empty glass it is a rare opportunity for me to make the world a better place. An empty glass appears in my eyes the same way a fire to appears to a fireman's or a lonely rich businessman appears to a high dollar whore's. I say to myself I can fix that! I can do my job! It excites me. This girl had a problem: extreme thirst. I offered a solution: an unrelenting supply of ice water. Our relationship was simple yet meaningful. Each time I poured her water I feel that we really connected on an emotional level. We represented a liquid symbiosis of give and recieve bonded together with a sweating crystal glass. When finally their meal was complete and it was time for them to depart I had one last opportunity to help. She sucked the last gulps from the bottom of the glass and called me over. Her voice was smooth.  Where are the restrooms?  I was glad to show her. English prompt This includes a short note from the author himself Mr. Naples.  Full text Figure I'd post this because I'm too lazy to write anything else. Note: too many adverbs.  Paul wasn't quite sure what the noise was but it succeeded in thrusting him from his sleep. He knew instantly that he would be expected to investigate   being the man of the house   but the idea did not settle in his stomach very firmly. It is a good thing to save the lives of your children and wife he considered but he was quite timid and wondered if he would be able to fend off anything larger than a small infant or rodent. Clutching his sheets he hoped that he had been dreaming.  The urgency of the situation became clear when he heard another noise from the next room   a crashing or clanging of sorts   the sound that his prized bake ware collection that hung on the wall might make if it was being harassed by a clumsy intruder. The intruder was clearly especially menacing because of his disregard for stealthiness or taste the bake ware collection was superlative. He must surely believe himself to be an indestructible and unstoppable force weighing up to four hundred pounds and wielding an enormous club or bastard sword. To fight this creature is to dine with death and dance with dismemberment.  If Paul decided to drift back to sleep he would most likely wake up dead tomorrow morning    an undesirable outcome. His other option would be to launch a gallant offensive attack in which he uses all his cunning and combat skill to overcome his opponent. He knew that in the room there was a chair which might serve as a devastating weapon in the right hands. If he could reach this object lives could be saved. A crash settled any internal conflict Paul had within himself; he must strike and quickly. He mightily cast off his sheets and arose from the bed. The light soaked out from the crack beneath the doorway and diluted the darkness of the room. His celebrated bake ware collection rattled again. At least it could be said that his brain was cleaved in two for a noble cause. He took a heroic breath and headed for the door. His tactic was: blinding speed and terrible fury. He once took a class in karate and was knowledgeable about such things.  He slammed the door open and mustered a battle cry of sorts. If any observers had witnessed the event they might suggest that the sound was more of a whimper    but a sinister whimper nonetheless. The chair was reached quickly. The foe was nowhere to be seen. He growled and spun like a barbarian wishing his wife could see him. This display of feral fury was very sexy. Wielding the chair he searched but still could not locate the villain. Paul underestimated the stealthiness that this intruder possessed; it was impressive that his intrusion could proceed so unobservedly    albeit noisily. He backed into a corner a stance that seemed safest and coolly examined every nook of the room. He noticed a cake mold on the floor having fallen from his rack of shining bake ware. There was no doubt that someone was in this room besides Paul.  Reveal yourself you awful thing! His spirit couldn't last so long. The tension was choking him! He noticed movement near the rug    underneath a lamp table    and his heart tumbled out of his chest. He gave the chair a lackadaisical swing.  You demon!  The rug shuddered possessed. A lively hump rolled beneath it. Paul charged and shouted stomping his wooden chair directly onto the spot with vigor.  Take    that     Once the creature no longer moved Paul finished his assault and caught his breath. The ordeal was over! A quick check underneath the rug revealed that the villain was actually a mole    somewhat worse for wear. He had had a mole problem ever since her moved into this neighborhood. Paul decided to let his wife clean up the bloody mess in the morning and returned to bed victorious.  Autobiography Yawn. This isn't an autobiography. It was quite popular on Naples' Xanga account when he was 16 however. Towards the end the puerile inside jokes get a bit unbearable. You'll see.  Full text Each of my days are so similar that it's not worth the effort to try to separate them from each other. Today is not uniquely today but it is also yesterday and tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that. So my life is this day the same day over and over again until something profound happens like my classes change or summer begins. The current epoch of my life is the Final Quarter of Sophomore Year which will in the distant but visible future become Summer '06 and I will have a brand new day to repeat over and over again. I fear that the Final Quarter of Sophomore Year will be whittled down to a mere footnote in my autobiography though which is unfortunate because there are a few things about this strange time that will be worth remembering later. Because I am such a superior historian I have decided to write an insightful chapter for my autobiography now before my memory of this era fades to haze and I might be tempted to publish something inaccurate or too brief. This chapter will relate that day as if it only happened once and was different from every other day; do not forget however that indeed I have repeated this day countless times with very slight variations.  AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CAESAR NAPLES Chapter : The Final Quarter of Sophomore Year  Sub Chapter : Morning  When a man awakes and goes through his morning routine it is like his feet are trying to find a sure hold on the ground. The stance that he assumes will be the position from which he receives mighty bitch slaps repeated at irregular intervals throughout the day. If his footing is not firm and true these repeated bitch slaps will have a devastating effect on the man. I have always thought the best way to find a sturdy foothold is with a belly full of brown sugar and oats.  This is why I make it my goal every morning to consume one nice big bowl of oatmeal. It is quite a goal to set too because in the mornings I am not myself. I am a swamp creature. I am a slug monster. Some people find themselves energized and perky shortly after awaking; I however do not warm up until sometime around lunch time at which point I eat lunch and become lazy again.  I prefer to wake up after the sun blooms. I feel most comfortable when morning's soft yellow petals fall upon my eyelids and bring me from sleep like a loving mother would. Unfortunately I own a hateful alarm clock that pierces the skull and ruins my life every morning at six thirty which is a terrible time to wake up because it's dark and mean out and no one ever likes anything at such an early hour. My only pleasure when waking to such a screech is rolling over and slamming my hand on the snooze button just like in the movies. I try to make the scene movie friendly as if the opening credits were rolling and the camera was panning slowly above my bed. I get such a satisfaction when I hit that stupid fucking clock as hard as I can and just like a good little alarm clock it shuts right up. Will I get the same satisfaction when I am married? One can only hope.  But invariably 10 minutes an instant later the alarm tears my brain in two again. You know how some alarm clocks gently buzz and you slowly awaken to this grand new day with so many shining opportunities ahead of you? Mine is nothing like that. It yells in alarm clock language WAKE UP JACKASS WAKE UP JACKASS WAKE UP JACKASS. I see no shining opportunities; I see homicidal tendencies amplified by rude ish frequencies. So I finally get out of bed knowing that it's fruitless to continue playing the snooze game: I always lose. I have to put in my contacts first thing 'cause I can see nothing at all and without vision correction I find myself running into walls repeatedly. I switched to contacts last year so that my masculine features may be better viewed and appreciated. For years I was hidden by bulky glasses that cracked at inopportune moments and hid my beautiful blue eyes. The only thing I miss about wearing glasses is the ease of installation. There was only one step to putting on glasses: put them on. Contacts are multitudes worse. Each contact must be sterile and each hand must be sterile and the mirror must be very close and your fingers not too slippery or else you can't grip your eyeballs and it takes forever to get them in. It's a delicate and difficult process that is barely suited for even the most skilled professionals let alone swamp creatures at six forty five a. m.. This morning it takes ten minutes. By the end of the ordeal I am a wreck    so the situation hasn't changed much    and I head for my bedroom to clothe myself. At this point I only have about 50 minutes left before I have to leave. My goal of oatmeal in my tummy seems achievable.  Sub Chapter: Morning  a continuation start reading from the post below this  I brush my teeth quickly and head through the hallway to my bedroom to clothe myself. At this point I have about 50 minutes left before I have to leave. My goal of oatmeal in my tummy seems achievable.  In the hallway I am shadowed by a hazy stumbling figure. Fear strikes me as I see a furrowed face approaching fast. As he gets closer I can see that this person is not to be feared but pitied. His manner is defeated; defeated by the tortures of this malicious morning; morning the accursed time that sucks the life right out of you and makes you feel dead inside. I am touched by this darkened soul and for a brief moment see a bit of myself in him: a morning time martyr unappreciated for the trials that he must endure at the beginning of the day. I nod at my grandpa in a way that I hope might fill his heart with hope for a better future and squeeze past him into my bedroom.  At this time in my life I can clothe myself. It is a necessary skill and I feel that I have mastered it. Sometimes I catch myself bragging about my phenomenal skills.  I try not to be too immodest    it's just that I am really good at putting on clothes. For example I can go from completely naked to fully clothed in just under 20 seconds. I timed myself once. I won't bore anybody with the specific details of how I put on my clothes this morning; just know that it was an incredible feat and that you should have been there. In the living room my grandpa is exercising with a curious enthusiasm considering the hour and his apparent mood. He is on the carpet in front of the television performing a vigorous spinning maneuver with his legs while watching the morning news. I choose not to better myself by joining him and instead slouch into the recliner. My grandparents have the most comfortable recliner in the world. It's actually a double recliner which means it's kind of like a couch except it has two separate reclining areas so that you and your partner may sit in the position which makes both of you the most comfortable. I personally prefer the fully reclined position. Instantly I become dangerously drowsy and close my eyes for a moment.  Just seconds later    I mean no time at all really    my grandpa slaps me in the face.  Wake up!  I ask him why he slapped me in the face. He doesn't answer and tells me we have to leave soon or we'll both be late. I assume it is morning time rudeness that caused the unnecessary violence and silently forgive him. I also realize that I must've fallen asleep. I regretfully emerge from the comfort of the double recliner and locate my backpack. It is a very cool green one that holds all my things very well. I always leave it in the same spot    behind the couch    so that I will never lose it. I go through my checklist: contacts teeth clothes backpack. I feel like I'm forgetting something. I go through the checklist again. Contacts teeth clothes backpack. That's everything. I tell my grandpa I'm ready.  As I am heading out the door with him I suddenly remember that I haven't had any oatmeal to eat. I gasp in emotional pain. My figurative footing slips. What a sad day today will be.  Sub chapter: Hell or high school  A lot of people think that their life would make a good documentary. I know that mine would make a horrible one. It would completely flop at box office and people would mostly hate me for wasting their time. Small children in the audience would  definitely cry. I feel like those piercing wails might actually be more appropriate than any rock soundtrack that the poor director could ever come up with. With this thought I morosely tread through the gates of Hell or high school and imagine a thousand demon babies squealing behind me like furious fanfare trumpets    a reflection of my mood. I really should have been sick today.  When the gates shut behind me I silence the 'music' and mourn for my empty stomach. No time for food though because first block is Band and if I'm late there will be dire consequences such as a stern glare and a red mark on the attendance sheet. Frankly my state of mind is such that I could not handle the abuse. I hurry into the band room and locate my locker. It is deep to fit my trombone and has a door of wire. It is surrounded on all sides by a wall of other lockers. It is also currently being blocked by a girl whose name I do not know. She sits in her chair reading her book oblivious to me. I will pretend for a moment that she is guarding my locker instead of foolishly impeding entrance to my locker.  Thanks gatekeeper. Open sesame the owner of the establishment is here. I now notice headphones on her ears. I start to hear my sinister fanfare begin to blare again but I cut the noise off     HEY! WOULD YOU PLEASE MOVE?  I have a powerful voice. She scoots her chair over just enough for me to retrieve my instrument case from the compartment. With my newly won prize I find my seat in the back row of the concert arch among the other trombonists. We arrange ourselves by class; being a sophomore puts me third from the end. With five minutes to the bell none of my section is seated yet. They really like to live on the edge of life    personally I try to lead a more comfortable existence. I leisurely remove my trombone from the case and assemble it.  A little about the trombone: it is long and has a slide which I move into the proper position to play any pitch I pleasure. A little about myself: I am a master of the trombone. The noise that comes out of my horn is like a choir of angels where the angels are made of brass and gold and meanness. When I play my personal meanest pressure rises; a chemical reaction occurs within the atmosphere and you can smell the sizzling ozone burning your nostrils and disinfecting the air around you. Many men have been moved to tears by my performances.  I raise the 'bone to my lips to squeeze in a bit of before class warm up when a funny fellow    a freshman freak    finds his seat next to mine and tries to talk. He's a fellow trombonist. He never leaves me alone. It's a wonder actually that I've managed to be in the band room for so long without having to speak to him. No point delaying it further. I grunt in acknowledgment.  to be continued  Sub Chapter: Hell or high school  a continuation start reading from the post below this  No point in delaying it further. I grunt in acknowledgment.  Hey Rinaulde! His voice is a nuisance. He bends down from his chair to pick up his trombone case and removes  the big brass pieces. How has your morning been? Fine Rex. He reminds me of a baby dinosaur: large and awkward. Sometimes when he's talking to me I play my trombone as loudly as I can directly into his face. Cool. He smiles and shifts his weight over to lean towards me. I feel his finger touch my ribs.  Poke! I think he just poked me    a thought that I find harrowing. I try to pretend that I didn't notice and whistle a fancy tune while looking up at the ceiling. This is the best way to get someone to leave you alone. I continue whistling for a few more moments unharmed when against all expectations Rex pokes again; this time more vigorously. Poke! I am not against poking. Many long and fruitful relationships begin with a simple poke. Poking is also a great way to tell if a person is conscious. Overall the world benefits a great deal from poking. But a poke by Rex in band class this morning is not a thing that I need. The pain is nowhere near as disconcerting as the growing fear that this boy might be flirting with me. Right now he's giggling. I shift my weight in discomfort. He extends his arm slowly to poke me a third time. Ninja instincts take over as I try to stop him as quickly as possible and I judo chop him right above his elbow. He squeals.  Hey! I was only trying to poke you he pouts. I don't feel sorry for him at all. By now everyone is in their seats and the director is near the podium. Class is about to start.  The director's name is Ben Fast. The band members naturally assume that his middle name is Dover but I am not sure that anyone has ever asked. It's for the best though because I would be crushed to discover that it was anything else. He went to the same Jr. High that I attended for a total of 6 months in 9th grade so it's almost like we're brothers. I've never hung out with him per se but once I gave him a high five. Yeah. We're close. Not that I should be proud of it; being close to Mr. Fast is a dangerous and for the most part shameful thing. The other trombone player that I sit next to Kendall once told me that Mr. Fast spends ninety five percent of his time with a dildo inside his ass. It's taken me a while to determine if that is true or not but I have to say that as unlikely as it may sound it seems to be the case. The signs are all there:  1 He walks around strangely almost as if he purchased an extra large dildo and lodged it firmly into his asshole.  2 He loses focus once in a while almost as if his thoughts stray to the dildo and away from whatever else he might be doing.  3 He calls band students into his office and shuts the door behind them almost as if his dildo needs adjusting and he can't quite reach all the way around by  himself.  4 He talks on his cell phone while directing almost as if he misses the sound of his dildo's voice and must call it even when in the middle of rehearsal.  I guess I should clarify the story about me high fiving him: the act was involuntary and I washed my hands with scalding water for ten minutes afterwards. Still sometimes when  I look at that hand a horrific vision of Mr. Fast's shitty dildo lying on his desk explodes in my mind and I must sit for a while to regain composure.  to be continued yes I'm too lazy to finish  Publisher's note: Caesar Naples left this one incomplete.  Health Class Prompts Two of three assigned prompts from Naples' sophomore year in high school are what follows. Full text I can't write anything new so I'll post an old assignment I did for Health class last semester. The class was useless and the teacher was a dipshit but I did manage to have a bit of fun every once in a while. Once she assigned a 3 page report type thing. She told us we had to write one page front and back for our experiences with alcohol tobacco and illegal drugs one page for each one It was due the next day for some insane reason and I had college ruled paper so I really had to make it stretch. Also we had to discuss whether or not we were aware of the situation what we should have done and what we'll do next time or something like that. Here is what I came up with: TOBACCO  Yesterday I waited after school for 2 hours asking about tobacco. Most people laughed at me cruelly. They thought I was joking. No it wasn't a joke    it was true; I didn't have any idea what tobacco was. It was embarrassing the day I found out that when people referred to smoking they were not thinking of a method of preparing meat by exposing it to woodsmoke for 6 12 hours. Ever since that day when the class laughed me out of the room for saying yeah I love barbecue I've been too ashamed to even ask what smoking really was. But yesterday my grade depended on me to discover the secrets of tobacco. I could not longer afford to live in shameful ignorance. I received a tip from a benevolent friend    he said to look behind the school after class to find this mysterious tobacco substance. After health class I grabbed my backpack and found a sturdy stick because I had a feeling that tobacco was something sinister and that I would require protection. I said goodbye to my friends possibly for the last time ever and made my way to the back of the school where tobacco might hide unseen from the public eye.  I remember the day very well for it was just yesterday; cloudy with a depressing chill. The wind picked up and tossed my very sexy hair around which attracted a few woman folk. Three ladies approached me with giggles. I raised my weapon.  What's your name cutie pants?  I decided to disregard small talk and get straight to business. It does not matter and I will not tell you. What is tobacco? The word felt strange upon my lips. The women reacted negatively to my inquiry.  What? one of them said. Are you completely retarded? The girls continued to giggle but no longer because of my profound sexiness.  Please just tell me. I really need to know. Is it some sort of weapon? Or maybe a game? I have no idea what it could be and I'm completely frustrated.  The girl said You're stupid and left with her friends. I sat on the ground dejected and sad for two hours before I saw anyone else. He was a boy older than me with long hair and wearing black. He was loitering in a little nook of the school mostly hidden by brick. I eagerly approached him and asked What's tobacco? I poised my stick in case he attacked.  He gave me that old familiar is this guy serious look and asked Are you serious guy?  Yes please tell me quickly. I'm very cold and I feel like I'm about to cry.  Uh ok. Well you smoke cigarettes which are filled with tobacco by lighting the end of it and breathing in at the other end the filter. My entire body trembled at this revelation. It's nothing special. I've got one here if you want it. Was I aware of the situation? I was completely aware. My senses flared. This stranger had just revealed to me the secret of tobacco and was now offering me some.  Curiosity overcame me and I said sure a decision I have regretted for the entire 24 hours that separates me from the moment. I should have said NO SIR! and ran away or beat him with my stick.  Instead I drew a long breath from the fiery device and my lungs filled with burning death smoke. I coughed and threw the cigarette to the ground. I'll never smoke again.  ILLEGAL DRUGS  My experience with illegal drugs was as horrifying as it was arousing. The entire situation began one Saturday morning. I sat in my room in front of the computer enjoying my newest video game. It was called Kill Nazis In This Video Game and it was quite enjoyable. As I sat killing Nazis in that video game it occurred to me that the only thing that could tear me away from the screen would be an extraordinarily hot female knocking on my front door. Unfortunately for the video game at my front door at that precise moment there actually was an extraordinarily hot girl knocking. I heard her harsh raps and paused the game. The knocking was furious and I felt that it required my immediate attention. I rand down the hallway and peered through the looker thingy to see a beautiful lady with a nervous look on her face. I opened the door and said Hi. She responded quickly.  Hello my name is Sarah. I'm being chased by several large pandas    rainbow pandas     and they're armed and dangerous. I was driven to stark raving fear by this news. I've been running for days and I think I've finally lost them. Could I take refuge inside this facility?  Flattered now because she called my house a facility but still fearful for my life I invited her in. Thank you so much she said and vomited upon the floor. She didn't seem to notice and stepped in it as she walked into my kitchen. This is a nice place she said. I decided that the vomit would serve as a slippery slick to hold back the rainbow pandas should they penetrate my other defenses and left it there. Yeah I try to keep it pretty clean. Would you like some water?  Yes my throat is parched. I poured her a glass distractedly. The pandas were on my mind.  So about these pandas: should I be worried?  She frowned. Of course. She drained the cup and approached the window. They are quite terrifying and vicious. I expect they'll arrive in 5 minutes or so. By the way I am high on LSD.  It was a good thing that she told me then because I was beginning to absolutely panic. I was relieved now. I knew that this fine lady was simply hallucinating. I smiled knowingly and say I see...  This stranger in my house and I still wasn't quite sure that I was safe. In her world ruled by paranoia and streaks of brilliant color I might register as a threat. I could be beaten and killed in my own home!  Would you please leave?  She left. Meeting her was a positive experience. I learned that LSD might make me believe that pandas are after me. If I had taken a hit with her I might not even be here right now. I am proud of how I handled the situation. I won't type up the alcohol one because it's long and a little bit too weird for you guys.  Writing Prompt Another brilliant poem slash short story slash romance novel in disguise. We don't know how he got this one online because clues indicate that Naples wrote this for a timed test in his English class. Full text I find myself philosophizing about a faint Friday fathoms of Fridays away from a time when I was formed of fresher flesh; the day I felt that frustration was my only friend. I seemed somewhat strange to some because I was stressed about someone; a striking lass who had my heartstrings strung named Sally Hermingham. She'd never say hi    she didn't even notice me most of the time but when she did it made my whole day shine I felt so fine. She'd said nothing all week so I was pretty meek and the day seemed bleak but in math class she did something simple    she asked for a pencil and my heart skipped a little. Sure I've got one I said and handed her my own. It was the best feeling I'd ever known; when she smiled the sun shone. I'd never be alone. She smirked and turn back to her work when I noticed her skirt and thought I might flirt. I have a confession I managed to say You've made an impression and I've been waiting all day to ask you a question if I may.   She turned again and grinned a grin. Wanna be my girlfriend? My breath a wind of apprehension. She said no and I said oh and I wanted to choke and hang up my coat or write a note and put a noose 'round my throat. The End. Top Five Ways to Kill Yourself Sometimes we worry for our hero. Remember each story in this chapter is from Naples' Xanga in 2006. This one hardly needs an explanation. No hint as to what inspired him to write a morbid list for his classmates who essentially were the only people who visited his site. We had a hard time publishing this one so close to the end of the book. But that's just the way our idiot copy editors planned it out.  Full text 5. Hang yourself in your closet. He had been preparing his entire life for this moment his note said. He just couldn't take it anymore he wrote and this was the only way out. In actuality his decision to die had come within the last hour or so within the last twelve pack or so and he did it mostly to get back at his mother. She'd really pissed him of this time and he figured this was the best way to make her pay    she would find her son dead hanging from a rope in his closet with a note blaming it all on her and she'd scream and cry for months.  Now he was standing on a chair in the closet with a rope tied to his neck and the other end tied to the light fixture. As he was thinking his last goodbyes he heard the front door open and his mother call his name. She sounded angry. He panicked and suddenly kicked the chair away. He fell    and it hurt really bad. His neck didn't break at all but it was sort of hard to breathe now and he thought he had some rope burn. He heard his mother's footsteps come towards his room and she stormed in. She opened the closet door saw him and snorted. Idiot. Can't even kill yourself correctly. I think I'll leave you here for a while just to teach you a lesson. She pulled up a chair and started reading her romance novel. His mother pissed him off so bad sometimes.  4. Take one bottle of sleeping pills.  She found the bottle in her grandmother's medicine cabinet full of sleeping pills. She knew they must be sleeping pills because when her grandmother returned from the doctor last night night she said Dr. Balsac prescribed me something to help me sleep easier. She handled the bottle now. Quantity: 30. Take one after dinner. She swallowed a pill thinking to herself: one for my boyfriend who dumped me. Two for my parents that won't let me wear what I want. Three for Mrs. Cockwhistle who gave me detention on Wednesdays for a month. Four for Laura who called me fat. Five for the iPod my dad won't buy me. As she continued to empty the bottle she thought of every little injustice that she had endured throughout her entire life. By the time she swallowed the last one she thought she could feel something. Yes I'm getting very drowsy now. Goodbye cruel world! Her eyes drooped and she lay her head down... and had a strong desire to run for the toilet. Oh nothing matters now that I'm dead she thought. But the desire persisted. Her bowels rumbled and sloshed around. Unnnng... She tried to hold it in but the force was too strong. As she vaulted for the bathroom she heard her grandmother from the other room saying to her mother: Oh yes those laxatives performed wonderfully. I shat six pounds before bed and so I wasn't kept up by those awful pains in my belly! Our tragic heroine was kept up all night by ass blasts.  3. Tear holes in your parachute before sky diving.  He had always wanted to do it. Now that his wife had bit the dust the temptation was too difficult to resist. Here he was now falling falling and he knew slits were sliced up and down the length of his chute.  He wasn't going to pull the chute but after a certain proximity to the ground they automatically release themselves. At that point the sheets would trail behind him in a useless clump and he'd continue falling along at his terminal velocity. He was trying to enjoy himself even though he knew it'd be his last fall ever. Wow the ground sure was big. He was directly above an empty looking desert highway perfectly straight running for miles. If he had a working chute he would be able to steer away from it but without one he had no control over his descent. He could make out a red sports car cruising along at approximately 90 mph about 5 miles away. It occurred to him that he may intercept the automobile    and it's driver would witness to his amazing ker schlop. He felt satisfied knowing that someone would get to experience the awesome spectacle. After a bit the ground was so close that he could make out the individual desert plants. He was still in the path of the sports car. The ground swooned closer. This was it! A sinister right triangle was formed between himself the ground and the car. His last moments were like a slow motion film: each picture and he was a bit closer to the ground and the car. Finally contact was made    he hit the car dead center. Naturally the car exploded. In a strange twist of fate the driver of the car was the long sought after Osama Bin Laden. That's right: suicide stops terrorism.  2. Go for the homicide suicide combo. He was having a very good day. To top it off he was eating steak. Boy he loved steak. 16 oz. Best cut on the cow. Rare as fuck. He was hungry too so this really hit the spot.  He had killed fifteen people today for no reason particularly other than because he felt like it. One had been his mother another his father five or six from the surrounding neighborhood; the rest were complete unknowns. No one noticed a single thing. He got the taxi cab driver that he ordered to drive him into the city. He jabbed his knife into his heart as he handed him the money. The cab was still there outside the restaurant waiting for him to return only the driver was no longer living and therefore could drive him nowhere. Then he took a piss inside the restaurant and got a guy in the stall. Quick jabs none of them really knew what got them. His steak was just about gone now. He used his own steak knife to eat it. Red juices pooled on the plate. As he swallowed the last morsel he waved his waiter over. Hello sir    Jab and the waiter fell. He wiped his mouth off with his napkin and decided that was enough for today. He placed the point of the knife over his own heart and pushed.  1. Overdose on opiates.  The moment the doctor said terminal cancer he knew what he had to do. He had been too scared to try heroine before because he didn't want to ruin his life. Well now it was almost over and he had to find all the smack he could get his hands on before the cancer ate his whole body up. He found it easily one of the school teachers was a prominent drug dealer. He injected enough to give him the greatest drug induced  hyper orgasm possible. As he pushed the needle into his arm he knew that he'd be cold as a stone in a few minutes. The drug went in and he closed his eyes in euphoria. His last thought before his brain shutdown was: I should have tried this earlier...  I only approve of the last three. Top Five Things To Do If You Have Access To The School Darkroom Another brilliant top 5. We're pretty sure he was joking. Full text 5. Process photos in a safe environment free from normal harmful light.  She was the most artistic person she knew. This latest batch of photos she took while at home late one night. She had been feeling particularly creative that night so she had the idea to take a few pictures of herself with her hair hiding her face an expression of hate towards herself or possibly a way of telling the world how she was different from everyone else. She wasn't really sure what sort of significance the hair bore but she knew it was a work of genius and that no one understood her. Another set of photos were pictures of her sliced up arms. Really cutting was the only way she could feel anything. 4. Masturbate during the school day.  He was the most horny person he knew. During math class he sat behind one of the girls on the golf team. She had pimply shoulders and wore tank tops almost every day so he got full view of each sore. She scratched them constantly. Just now she was trying to squeeze a particularly large one between two fingers. It was on her neck and was reddish purple. It looked massive. He was extremely aroused by it. As the pimple neared bursting the girl reached her other hand behind to do a four fingered popping maneuver. In one last gasp of effort the girl popped the thing and pus squirted all over his desk. His writhed and his hand shot up into the air. He squealed I NEED TO GO THE THE BATHROOM! He wondered if semen stains would show up under red light.  3. Invite girls into it for extended make out sessions. He was the most clever person he knew. As soon as Mrs. Cockwhistle had given him the key to the darkroom he had a brilliant idea: invite girls inside during class for hot saliva swapping action. He had the perfect girl picked out a cheerleader prim o sluto who'd be more than happy to visit his recently acquired love nest. He approached her at lunch. Hey babe wanna see my secret spot? No not that ; I mean my secret room. No no it's not what you think... Ugh why are you screaming. No. I'm not going to rape you. Jesus calm down. By 'secret spot' I did not mean my crotch I swear. Ugghhhhh. Failure. He'd try again with a different girl tomorrow.  2. Host exclusive mini raves. He was the most hip person he knew. Every Friday during fourth block he hosted a four person rave party in the darkroom. They had strobe lights glow sticks music ecstasy and of course that ever present red glow from the lamps. This Friday the party was rocking just as hard as ever    and just as cramped. Of course on the drug everyone wanted to be closer together anyway. During a thumping club remix of Hey Jude there was a banging on the door. Someone lifted the needle on the turntable and it made that schr rrrr reee eech sound as the music stopped. Mrs. Cockwhistle stormed in furiously demanding an explanation for the noise and the strobe lights. He was so high he could barely understand what she was even saying. Wow Mrs. Cockwhistle's hotter than he remembered.  1. Store dead bodies. He was the most sadistic person he knew. Today he finally decided to kill. He had it all planned out. His plan progenated when he acquired of the darkroom keys; no one ever went in there so a body could go undetected for months or years    at least until he graduated next week. His target was easy to pick a pimply girl on the golf team.  Throughout high school he had to put up with her constant pimple popping. Each day he had to put up with that disgusting shit. Not anymore. Never again would he even have to see that girls pus y sores popping all over the place. He'd seize her before school. He'd cover her mouth and put a knife at her back and force her to walk with him down to the darkroom. In the mornings the halls were empty so he wouldn't be noticed. And when he got her in there he'd tie her up on the floor to where her head was in between the cabinet door and the wall. He'd push on that cabinet door with her skull right in there and push and push and finally he'd see her very last pop ever. Quality We shed a tear over this one. It's actually untitled we just get wishy washy for this guy sometimes. Some style notes from the experts: Naples was limiting his vast vocabulary and knowledge of advanced diction. He just wanted to connect with some friends.  Full text So I've actually been thinking about college for the first time in my miserable life and I'm getting pretty excited about it. Really I'm not worried about money or anything because I'll probably get a decent scholarship and my grandparents and mom have been saving up for me since before I could pee straight. Mostly I've been thinking about what I want to do and where I want to go. What I'll probably end up doing is majoring in Professional Writing. From what I can tell from OU's website this is more of the making money part of writing    with courses on novel writing magazine article writing script writing editing etc. I don't care about being rich but my other writing choices are Journalism whose main focus is researching and all of that crap and Creative Writing which focuses on poetry and artsy fartsy shit. The people that join that kind of class I imagine are the pretentious faggots that I don't want to be around. Actually most of the people are probably pretty cool but all of the classes sound like they wouldn't actually prepare me for anything and will be a waste of time and money. My other option for a major would be music which I find myself becoming more interested in every day. It doesn't come as naturally to me as writing though and I can't see myself making a living out of it like I can writing. Although I may occasionally play at local places or whatever I don't know if I'll be able to focus my life around it. Instead music will probably be my minor either Piano or Guitar or just general ol' Music.  Even though my major will be Writing to get a degree I'll have to have credits in math history science and a foreign language. I can earn these college credits in high school putting me ahead from the beginning of college and allowing me to focus on my major instead of extraneous crap if I pass an AP test in each of those courses before starting. Usually to pass these tests you have to take the AP course in high school though it isn't actually required which is awesome sticks. I can see myself passing a math and science AP test and maybe foreign language and history. We'll see how it goes though. Latin my language is actually oh so easy but there aren't any AP latin courses in my high school. Yeah all of this stuff is boring. It's nice to have my thoughts in order though. I really am excited about all the awesome classes I'll be able to take. I bet I'll end up going to OU because it's close to everyone here. If I don't I'd like to go to University of Arkansas because NW Arkansas is probably the best place ever to live. Anyway I'll get my head out of the future and into the present. My classes are actually all pretty fun right now. I've got band first block which is naturally awesome because of all the wild and crazy things that go on. Then I head on over to US History. I don't actually do any work for this class or even read the chapters but I manage to maintain decent grades. Plus this is the only class besides band with other sophomores in it so I get to mingle with peers. For some reason I act really cute in this class. After that's Algebra II another class where I manage to do zero work but pass with A's or B's. Mrs. Thompson has been teaching this class for 30 years and is pretty awesome. She's surprisingly funny. Unfortunately I have to deal with a bunch of 9th graders. Then it's on to latin a snore fest but the book is really well constructed so it's easy and fun to learn. Only thing is you learn what you need to know in the first 15 minutes of class and then have an hour left to fill. I have to do no homework for pretty much all of my classes. Oh well. I've been kind of disappointed with my last two posts    they've not been in my usual style. Maybe tomorrow's post will actually be entertaining. It's doubtful though. I'm pretty boring. My mother says so. He is still around somewhere.  What a long strained trip its been.  Chapter 9 Acknowledgments and Theory This book wouldn't exist if it weren't for open source API's that made it possible to design the pages and amalgamate the works so we'd like to mention some of our heroes and in a way introduce them ourselves to the legacy that Caesar Naples has created. This book isn't three hundred pages. It isn't much more than thirty thousand words. But it's six years in the making. Additionally the copy is I think we'd all agree exceptional. So the first acknowledgment goes to...  The Staff of the Caesar Naples Wiki What started off as a simple portfolio slowly became the book you are holding in your hands. Tell us is the material as light weight as the pages themselves? We think not. We definitely would exclaim NO. That's some heavy shit! If we were appealing to an older audience and could swear in this book.  We can't remember exactly but one of us decided to market this book towards teenagers. We're going to use this part of the book to focus on the young people instead of bolstering our own egos about the fact that we really actually made a book. If you're a teenager we have something to tell you. You're so meta for buying this book. Don't ask us what that means. But rest assured it's cool. If you could imagine yourself jumping on the elephant back of Caesar Naples himself and riding into the dawn air tightly squeezing each elephant ear as your own ears are tickled by the breeze if you can imagine that you have some inclination to understand what making this book was like for us. For that we are humbled to find ourselves in your digest material. The Caesar Naples Wiki site which we can't give a link to due to permanence issues had a focus. That focus was social networking. Social media. Making connections. Introducing amateurs not just to high writers but high resources and high ideas. We felt riding atop the dry sandy elephant back that we were learning things that we never expected to learn from this kind of research. Of course we learned a lot about the character and morals of Caesar Naples but we took something else with us. Think of it as a magic wand. Of opportunity. With laser focus we've mastered the power that Naples hinted at in pieces like Monster Energy and Leatherworking. Powers that could change the world. But we're meta about it too. So don't worry. It's cool.  Social Media Superstars Super beings  The following are two exceptionally rare finds.  I haven't written a note in a while. By Caesar Naples It was before I moved that I wrote my last Facebook note. This is interesting. I had been obsessed with Google and Facebook for a few reasons.  First when looked for a pharmaceutical job I was led to rehabilitating or introducing really social networking sites like Facebook to big pharma companies. Facebook might be the answer to real interaction between these giant corporations and the people they serve.  Next when I learned of Google Apps and how easy it was to develop a free website with gadgets and everything you could need for a simple site I became obsessed with both of these companies. My idea was that independent web developers need to get control of the Internet so that we can make all sorts of cool services available cheaply to businesses and professionals and of course corporations.  Ok so with all of this on my mind I go into a restaurant and there's an article about Facebook versus Google. It's like the tech world is speaking to me. Haha it's just a funny coincidence and a testament to the value and relevancy of staying connected. If you have a question look it up on the Internet :  The very next post is most intriguing and a clue as to why we think we're really onto something with this Caesar Naples guy.  Of the beginning of the beginning... By Caesar Naples I went to a music festival. It could be where I got abducted by aliens. It could be where I learned of the consciousness connection of all nature. It could be where I figured out I'm a robot. It could be where I psychically communicated with international bands. I may have been abducted by aliens and committed to a machine that simulates a life for me. Those flies really could have been communicating to me along with the hallucinated hoola girl. And That One Guy could have actually been pursued by robots with shotguns on the outskirts of town. The band I had been listening to all summer could have been talking to me with their minds etc.  But no I just did mushrooms. We're not suggesting he's a super being. He barely had any followers on Twitter. But we're riding on his Woodstock Mojo and banking on the fact that if we stay connected like the REAL social media superstars that we could make a difference. That we could be all of those words he mentioned in challenge. And get this. Caesar Naples has been sober since 2008! Well except for an obscene drinking habit. Theory Let's just skip the theory and go back to the acknowledgments.  We published a book! Hoo fuckin' ray! You can do it too but that's not what this anthology is about. We'll part with one of Naples' favorite set of lyrics.  Our story begins on a Sunday afternoon Just between halfway tree and Spanish town Where a young boy Not yet the cock o' the walk that he would soon become Was lying on the grass and takin' in the sweet and sensuous scent of hibiscus That languidly lilted along the summer breeze  It was at this precise moment that he saw her. Her walk was soft and delicate with a thaumaturgical touch That only a rabbi's daughter could have Before their eyes had even met Her luminous lips had already lured him in Salvation winked with he promise of a briss held at pinnacle And a congregation of sages bunny hopping and chicken dancing to yiddish mento  Then their eyes linked An aeon blinked amharic vows were scryed upon their hearts Just to think this could all be with a frenectomy and a few words of love.  My shabop shalom baby Won't you shabop shalom with me Under the old banana tree Whoa whoa  My sweet telavivian lamb's bread My heart can act as an emoliant And you'll never ever say Get bent!  No no Todamama todamama Todamama todamama Todamama  Todamama todamama Todamama todamama Todamama  All the signals that i'm sendin i'll keep sending And on the constantillionth time I'll make you mine Yes i swear i will  Your sweet supple breasts are golden ghettos Soft statues in stilettos Two wise men instead of three  Blow a kiss just for me I'm ever in a foul mood I've gotta see you in your Talmud And so happy in makes me  who who who who who  You wanna know who Who wrote the book of jude? She wants to know who who who who who who Who wrote the dead sea scrolls? Well i did i did Yeah Yes i did i did  I did i did Mm hm! I did i did  Hexakosioi hexekonta hex phobia can be a fun ordeal I swear by solomon's seal  Honey when it comes to love There's a fire in the deep bend of my heart Givin' me the heeby geebys  You see I know the land of wood and water is Merely fooder for the loves slaughters And darling I've watched you cake walk to the immaculate conception For far too long  Walls are wailing I'm livicated to you Ahaba raba Ahaba raba for you  We're in heaven We're in heaven it's true I'm in ascending I'm ascending tonight with you   Shabop Shalom Is This It?  I asked my mother before she spanked me Is this it? to enrage her and save face. I was holding the tea cup in my hand with the chocolate milk I had stolen and to save face began to drink it down as quickly as possible.  I said to my boss over 15 years later Is this it? to enrage him and to save face. His mail had been on my secretarial desk for over 3 days under a folder. He finally told me his wife's credit card bill was missing and I already knew I was going to lose my job because I had forgotten.  The two events synthesized perfectly in my memory and I began to wonder driving home why my boss reminded me so much of my mother. Was I trying to fuck my boss? Or were only men governed by the Oedipus complex? I could find no difference in my tone of voice with my mother and my boss when I would say Is this it?  Did I want my boss to spank me?  I talk to my baby sometimes. It could be because I'm a 23 year old single mother or to improve his speech skills.  I shook the pill bottle in my son's face: Is this it? His baby face squinted into a cry. I said I'm sorry and the deja vu went away. A fresh look in the diaper revealed a fresh mess. I had to tell myself that's the reason he was crying. A deeper look into my emotions for this child would bruise my self worth again. Could a mother possibly not love her son? But what is love anyway? I cleaned his mess taped a fresh diaper to his bottom and took my pills. I honestly think the pills are getting in the way of my love for my son.  I honestly believe that. Is this it? Fresh Look  I thumbed open another egg carton and saw a broken egg. Curving around me the impatient shoppers waited for me to find a carton with all good eggs so I could move down the milk aisle. They couldn't see me intentionally breaking an egg in each new carton by squeezing the round styrofoam when I picked the carton up. They couldn't hear the thoughts in my head.  My hands were shaking with carthartic power to break each egg while in my mind I was shouting another bad egg! Another bad egg! Eventually when yolk was running up my wrist a woman told me I was picking the cartons up incorrectly and breaking the eggs. That's why I was getting bad cartons. Under her command I picked up another carton carefully without breaking an egg. The others were shocked. Clean eggs.  I thanked her stupidly and went down the milk aisle. I was going to leave without buying my groceries. The grocery store was a place where I went to calm down and it always made me feel poor. Being poor wasn't even my problem. My problem was the medication I was taking and how it made me feel.  Another bad egg!  I am a second class citizen because I'm forced to take pills that alter my personality. I've been on them my entire adult life. My opinion is regarded as being unimportant by the treatment professionals who want me to take the pills. I still hallucinate anyway. I'd like to tell my doctor the truth but the truth will cause him to reconsider my dosage  always improving the prognosis by ramping up the milligrams. Or was he improving my prognosis? The medication has never helped with voices. I know why I hear them: I'm being targeted by local criminals and being used as an example. They park their cars up the street from my house and call into the air:  Another bad egg!   intentionally breaking one every time. I'd rather live with the symptoms of poor mental health than live here.  Who can I really blame? The criminals have authority so they appear to be cops. Like the rumors of CIA intervention in foreign governments I imagine the men and women who monitor me went rogue. The one truth is the effect of drugs on them. They crack under the pressure: like Phillip K. Dick said they were helpless from being totally destroyed by drugs.  They thumb across my shell and break it to get to the insides.  Another bad egg! Large Scale Social Maneuvers To Control The Public  Abstract  The American population can easily be led through public behavior or one's own behavior in public. This can be compard to leading by example or ad hominem an appeal to emotions. The actions of the hype driver in public will influence others' behavior and more importantly their thoughts. Important principles in stimulating the desired reaction from the public will be disseminated in this article. The principles include crowd control mass appeal and the principle of attention. Finally this article will reveal the meaning behind the secrecy of this topic. A newer phenomenon these large scale social maneuvers are essential for controlling a huge population such as in cities preventing rioting through an appeal to the collective and influencing opinion on controversial topics. It is no surprise that these tactics would be covered up in order to preserve their usefulness. Undoubtedly the future holds new and interesting methods of collective control. Hopefully through understanding we can as Americans prevent undesirable methods to achieve the same goals as large scale social manipulation. Some negative examples include mass intoxication or drugging and mass arrests and imprisonment.  Terms:  Public behavior: one's own behavior in public Hype driver: the person who desires to manipulate a large group of people Crowd control: the tactic of arresting the attention of a large group and leading their actions or thoughts Mass appeal: to take advantage of a universal opinion to incite a situation of mutual understanding and agreement among the population The principles of attention: methods used to get in the public's eye including basic rules which can be used to creatively apply new methods    A slave to the route Arkah Blaine found no joy in reading the wind. A lopsided mirror was balanced perfectly silver in front of him. Craggled mud clay dunes surrounded the landscape. The shore was silver and when it met the water the effect obtusely angled the mirror until the far end of it was aligned with the columella between his nostrils.  The wind was coming quietly from the west according to the evaporation of his saliva on the tip of his chill thumb. He sniffed. The dry saddle bag leather and his mare's dank sweat signified nothing.  This was the legendary lake. Where was his prize?  An excursion into the saddle bag culminated eventually when he found the soft paper map that had led him there. Indiscernible lead markings marked his path. The man who had given him the map had drawn it with the promise of unimaginable rewards. Following a string of text near the bottom he began an incantation.  Awaken... Stopping he mumbled a short far reaching swear re adjusted to face the lake and began again. Awaken Monsters Caffiene kings.  I need a boostergive me wings!  That was all that was written. His eyes lifted to the glassy surface. It responded by silence. Nothing.  The man said this journey would be very good for his spirit and communion with God. It appeared he had been wasting his time. Legend says the Bull God Arakevah Arkah's patron God has a shrine here on the shore of the lake. The hills and oddly reflective shore were marked on the map with humps and squiggles. Directly in front of the lake was supposed to be the shrine. All he saw was gray matter sludge accumulated around jetsam and driftwood a scene even more plain than his kitchen bound wife. He checked the wind again. Now it was coming from the south the direction of the lake. A strong gust blew into his face warm and broad despite coming from the lake's chill waters. Pebbles followed the breeze up towards the man and his horse. Grit was getting into his eyes from the lifting dust. Invigorated waters jostled tumultuously; crashing downwards and upwards twisting tall waves misting. Roaring tides quickly developed and began to form and rise up the shoreline to him and would fall and then blast up again higher pushed by the bizarre wind. Chill sharp wetness bit his face as a wall of water crashed upon him. Crescendo.  The water knocked him down. The trickling water retreated and the sound of it peacefully flowed back into the legendary lake. The wind was again quiet and cold. Soggily he arose. He still gripped the parchment in his hand. Dunes had been flattened and big stones scattered about. Wood had flown from the trees and been candled onto the shore into piles. With sudden alarm he searched for his horse. Gone. Spooked perhaps  or lifted to the sky blown away? Thick remorse enveloped him. Though a beast the horse had been a steadfast companion to him during the many trials of travel.  As he scanned the area for signs of his beloved horse he noticed something odd about nearby boulder. The boulder not too far off between him and the shore had been one of the dunes before. The powerful gale had washed away the mud to uncover this huge stone. Although the boulder was itself unremarkable what sat atop it struck him as very strange. Something shiny and blue. It was cylindrical. Fully intrigued and with mounting excitement he navigated around debris towards the bright object that winked at him in the sun remembering the mysterious traveler's promise of great rewards.  He bent his nose very close to the object. Tiny letters spelled foreign words: Nutrition Facts Please Recycle and a long list of incomprehensible ingredients. The largest words appeared in a menacing text on the very front: Monster Energy  A noise. Pop. Fizz. The top of the cylinder had by some unseen force snapped open. Thrilled he reached for the blue object and marveled at its temperature. Ice cold. He tried to peer his eye into the hole at the top but was splashed with a light blue liquid. Cursing himself he straightened the cylinder perpendicularly and looked down into the shiny thing. More sloshing liquid could be seen. Should he cleanse his body with the gift? He put the cylinder to his nose and sniffed curiously. Fruity. Perhaps this was a potion of some kind? Yes that would make sense  given the magical nature of recent events it seemed appropriate that he would be given a potion. Cautiously taking care not to spill any more he tasted the liquid. The flavor was not repulsive. He swallowed bigger and bigger gulps slurping the contents until finally the cylinder was empty. He belched.  Beside this legendary lake anxiously awaiting something  anything  to happen a new sensation settled within him: a stomach ache. Groaning he clutched his middle region and harbored resentful thoughts towards that mysterious traveler who had directed him on this journey so ill fated that he had both lost his horse and become rather sick alone and far from his admittedly average doctor.  His  Arakevan doctor. Would he convert upon returning home? He had been giving nothing but a beverage. What kind of God was that? He had sacrificed himself hugely to please his God and be rewarded but nothing came. He would return home a different man. Pacing  brooding  before the boulder with his supposed reward tossed carelessly to the mud he was struck with the awareness that his heart was thudding loudly against his chest. He hadn't been running. When a facial muscle began to twitch rhythmically just above his cheek bone he thought that perhaps the drink was magic after all and would begin to work soon after this short attack of strange side effects. The muscle on his cheek then smoothed and ceased to flutter but gasping still he became hot suddenly. A drop of sweat marched down his forehead. It must be the potion. This was his time.  Panic clenched him when muscles all across his skeleton were seized by great shuddering spasms. A violent convulsion toppled his body. He writhed upon the ground blood pulse beating too brutally against his skull to hear his own shrieks; lungs near bursting face contorting as extreme nervous malfunctions warped his features into gruesome expressions  inhuman monstrous. His curled fingers dug into the mud. Grey sky oppressed him. Like fear but unlike fright he felt a horrible disconnect with the objective world and a maddening mating with the ephemeral one. Clouds assumed forms that jeered at him guffawing with the wind. The legendary lake like a flat oblong eye seemed to peer downwards at him  silent and amused.  Then as if his tormentor had been satisfied the convulsions reduced by degrees. He sensed the energies which had animated and overwhelmed him internalize within his flesh become part of him  a fire digested in his blood. He arose with an ease that surprised him considering the pain he had just experienced. Arteries pulsed and sizzled beneath his skin like lightning coils. In his head the violent toll of his heart had been replaced by his own thoughts. His consciousness had grown loud huge towering filling the broad sky. A spectrum of bare emotions vibrated within him now  and he had not only gained an immense intellect but an influence upon the outer world as well: the dark clouds swirled no longer by the forces of nature but at the beckoning of his own foreboding desire. His breath was the cold wind. His thoughts were the toppling clouds. Physically he felt invincible. Telekinesis was undoubtedly possible with some experimenting. He was raw. He was a predator.  And maybe he always had been. He exercised his newfound powers by materializing an image of his former self upon the moist mud in front of him. Sharp disgust pushed nauseatingly upwards like vomit; disgust which like an animal he purged with an atmosphere shattering roar. Thoughts were loud in his skull:  And at what a slothly pace I had progressed inch by inch along the stretching roads entertained only by that dull horse! I would have the power now to make the trip in two great leaps  if I wished to return home  but I flinch at the memory of that abysmally drab house and my vapid wife and her filthy children and the pale grass and those thin clothes and my meritless job tending the horses on my boss's farm and my limp voice and my lame grip and my shallow breath and  my defeated acquiescence. . .  Never had he perceived that his thoughts were being projected so powerfully to and from an external force and never had he seen himself from this perspective. It was his patron God speaking through him! Bull God Arakevah! How am I not worthy? How is Arkah Blaine unsatisfactory to you?  He knew he was no longer that man. His core self was the same  his ego remained intact in fact magnified  but that insipid flesh which so limited him before had been transmogrified into an indefatigable muscle without inhibition; a wild bull without doubts or fears or weakness. And yet this couldn't be the reward that the mysterious traveler had promised. What he yearned for before he still yearned for now. Although capable of anything he yet remained with nothing to satisfy him. He was the Bull God Arakevah. Acute rage combusted within him and he lunged wildly at the materialized image of himself; its clone face mocking surprise it shortly dissolved leaving him alone again before the legendary lake.  When he perceived a muted neigh the hanging clouds began to ripple weirdly. What's this? He wondered if the feeling was love co magnified by his new sensitivity. Was Arakevah trying to tell him to tend to his horse? He could smell it now in fact he could hear and feel the animal's presence with his heightened senses. He noticed deep hoof tracks leading away from the water and curiously followed the impressions to the crest of a hill where he found the fretting animal near a thick solitary tree. He felt compelled to approach the horse. There was no need to ride it but he was in the mood for companionship. He patted its side palms moistened. We have ridden far together! He knew the steed could read his thoughts and understand him. He rattled the tree with his powers. The answer was right in front of him! The horses were his duty. The horses made his life worth living. And this mare was special. Something about the sound the sight the smell of this horse made him flush. His heart thudded once more as it had thudded when the drink first started to have an effect on him. The heat from the horse's body radiated to him and he was drawn to the flesh. He brought a hand forward to touch the fur again and in the instant he touched it he gasped. Every follicle made his skin tingle with a pleasant sensation; the smooth texture was sublime. He walked around to the end of the mare hand gliding along the curves of the mare's body and when he stood behind it with heavy breath pangs of longing made it difficult to not caress the hind legs with both hands. The clouds were havoc.  He knew how to satisfy his God. And the sweet love he felt now for this horse comingled with the intense passion the mare's dank sweat alchemized within him made it so easy to comply.  Shirt ripped off he was unable to resist the urge to press his full body up against the animal the flesh so warm and wet. The horse tried to step away but he gripped its rear holding it forcefully down. Wildly he pulled his leather pants down and pushed his erection into the animal. The animal struggled whinnied and it attempted to pull away but he used all his strength to keep it in place. He began to thrust deeply into the animal with growing force pleasure waves coursing from his groin to his entire body. The satisfaction was overwhelming when he pushed his fingers into its anus. As he plunged his entire fist deep into its rectum the mare's hind legs tried to kick  but his forcible grip caused its knees to snap. He neighed. I am the red Bull God! He achieved orgasm. Crescendo.  And the clouds were limp.  Sci Fi Romance Story possible titles: Samuel and the Psychedelic Invaders Acid Trip to the Dark Side of the Solar System Legacy Drugs in the Year Twenty Sixty Nine Hangar Protocol Sunny Side Down by ... see end of document Link to single spaced version Act 1  I WAS TOLD TO NEVER doubt myself in space. The legacy of my father was huge enough to carry me far. My pilot scores were low but Captain said it wasn't for lack of enthusiasm. Using blasters to cut through Saturn's rings was inspired he told me. Trying to land my ship on the dark side of the planet however would have gotten me killed. That's off limits according to certain domestic limitations followed without enthusiasm since the start of the Weird Invasion. The second Weird Invasion was named after the funky grooves of the aliens invading us. Our planets were taken over starting with Neptune. The aliens themselves were responsible for the psychedelic movement on Earth. Many Earthlings had been abducted and taken to occupy outer regions of our own solar system. The aliens barely had to intervene simply channeling dissident humans and showing them a new life on the dark side of another planet.  I had never taken the psychotropic Chemicals and wanted to survive the war as a hero not some freaky space hippie. I loaded up the test program and volunteered myself to run the simulation again. The queue was five hours. I set up my dinner date reservation with the restaurant and groomed myself in the meantime. The test itself would take only ten minutes or shorter if I lost. Captain called while I was shaving to give me some man advice.  Don't break any interplanetary codes and you'll be fine. Use the environment to your advantage: most of these hippie hating space cadets just want twitch kills. You'll score high for low casualties and diplomatic resolutions. I thanked him and said I needed time to shower and think his advice over.  Whatever you do don't break any laws! Diplomacy is extremely important with the Weird Aliens. They're experts in bureaucracy because they hate it so much. It's is a real time sink for the commanders. In the shower I looked at myself in the reflection of my beauty bar and thought I was doing great from all the physical training. The G force exercises were my only weak point but they madke you shrink. Unfortunately the more I failed the G tests the more I had to take them. I checked again. No shrinkage yet!  Arne called when I was in the shower and I told her to wait just a moment feeling myself. She was going to meet a total warrior. I toweled off and re initialized the phone communicator. Hey babe. Hey baby. Are you almost done getting ready? I double checked our appointment. Thanks for making the reservation for me. No problem. A man should be prepared. I even have a surprise for you I said aloud to the ceiling microphone. Is it cultured Weird Alien fingers? she asked. Oh man how did you guess? You rascal. I'm feeling frisky tonight she said. My attention spiked upwards. Maybe I can come home with you again? Her voice was cosmic and sweet. Sure babe. Let me clean the place. I have to run a test but it should take just a few minutes. I said. Oh! Good luck lover boy she said.  I shut off the phone. Luck wasn't going to be my problem. My problem was the stupid laws whichthat forbadeforbid sex enhancing drugs in the dorm room.  We met in orbit at the sky restaurant. Since we were enlistees the ticket to space was discounted. I paid for Arne's.  It was morning in the eastern hemisphere below us. I was joking when I asked if she wanted breakfast but she didn't pick up on it. I thought this was a dinner date she said. I didn't dress for breakfast. She was wearingwore a reflective gown. I could see my face shattered by the crazy folds which coveringed her breasts. Trust me you're dressed fine I said. I've ordered Weird Alien fingers and that's what we'll be eating. My own military garb was crisp brown and neat. She looked at the menu mentioning she wanted an for appetizers. How did the test go?  A personal best I said.  The orbit of the building was super elliptical. Jets sent it to the dark side of the moon which wasn't occupied by the drug freaks. The moon was the only object besides Earth whose ass end wasn't covered in weirdos. Even Venus and Mercury waswere half covered in converts. My brother went to Saturn she said. I asked him what he did in sunlight and he said he followed the shadows. And he said tThe real dark side was a carnie's dream. So the dark side changes? I asked. With the rotation of the planet? Yeah they live in ships whichthat hover them on over to the night life of Saturn. she said. They must really hate the sun I said. They're vampires now. It makes me so upset thinking of how my brother can't stand our star.  They say it interferes with their insanity.  The purple lights of the space station restaurant flickered and dimmed. The space piano was going to play.  I love this place she said.  The trickling rhythm of high notes came upon us.; and suddenlyThen a spacey racking of the lower keys the piano drop gave me a strong sense of Terran honor. The hippies weren't going to bring me down that tonight unless some of the assholes showed up. In that case I could always beat them up. My brother told me he sometimes regrets the first hit of acid that he dosed. Then he corrected himself and said he wishes it had been a stronger hit she said. The converts are all very strange.  wWhat do you expect? Their society is based on psychedelic drugs I said. The drink I had ordered for us to share was nearly depleted. I motioned to the robo waiter to bring us another. It fetched the drink without me saying a word.  Yes she said. Very strange. But what other drugs do you think they   sShe stopped herself. I mean what other things do you think keep them together? She turned her face down.  What do you mean what other drugs do they do? That's what you meant to say isn't it?  No! It was misspoken. I smiled knowingly. I do know they don't have sex enhancing drugs. Here came my signature wink. Gotcha girl!  I'm serious! How come they don't fall apart as a society? she asked.  They're slaves to the Weird Aliens. Speaking of which here are our Fingers.  We rarely killed Weird Aliens and definitely didn't eat their actual fingers as was the law. Our dish was actually a fried crustacean that had been around for ages known as soft shell crab. The name was chosen by a television chef who lost his children to psychedelics and it stuck. They were the perfect crispy space meal. Freeze dried Weird Alien fingers were excellent too.  Can you imagine what it must be like to have a religion based on psychedelic drugs? she asked. I mean think of how delusional they must be.  The Weird Aliens make it seem fun I said. Why are you thinking about all of this? Thinking about the war is not recommended by the commanders.  I don't know she said popping a Finger. It's just a natural curiosity.  I think yYour interest in the solar system's wildlife is far fetched at best.  She scowled and dipped another finger in the accompanying Wierd Alien blood 21st century ketchup a rare sauce. Maybe you should take an interest in the hippies you plan to carelessly shoot down. She stopped eating. What if you killed my brother? Her voice was shrill and annoying.  Look if I kill your brother jJust remember he's not in contact with reality.  I grew up with him!  He'd kill me I said.  But the hippies are peace loving! She started to panic. They think of the Party Foul as a sin! Can you imagine why they fight? They're trying to protect their way of life!  I was seeing mMy night of love making was slipping away. Hey I wouldn't kill your brother okay?  She stopped freaking out. How do you know?  I didn't score very high on the test tonight. I can't even kill a simulation hippie. It was my turn to gather pity.  She wiped off her teary eyes. Darling I'm sure you could kill a hippie. They're are terrible at war.  The Weird Alien ship flies for them. The artificial intelligence is highly advanced. I'm no good at it. I could outfly just a hippie sure. But they have advantages in space.  I think maybe I'd let you kill my brother. She smiled.  Thank you.  The rotating space restaurant undimmed its lights and I could see her red ketchupy tongue wiggling at me. The meal was a bit disgusting but she made what remained of the planetary food supply worth eating.  Tomorrow I'm going to call him again to advocate for his return to Earth tomorrow she said. You can conference the call if you want to. Just don't say anything.  That sounded like a good idea. I was curious even though her brother was an idiot. I knew very little about the Weird Aliens themselves. Maybe through Richard her brother I could learn something to help with test scores.  I will doll.  Great.  The music had switched to smooth space jazz. It didn't have the piano drop likehow I liked but it was relaxing and turned me on. I hinted at her that I was feeling frisky too. I told her I felt like a sexual warrior.  Just call me Samuel.  Act 2 I broke free from formation to pick on a squad of weakling hippies at Alpha Niner Alpha. Captain shouted at me afterward. I was imagineding myself lancing her brother with my big ray because I had already lost the mission by damaging my robotic copilot. The extra points I lost by going rogue were so worth it.  From the chewing out I got over the line it was pretty easy to detach myself. Just because it's is a simulation doesn't mean you can go off on a twitch kill spree. Samuel are you paying attention? Your father's legacy of reducing the violence of the war is a legacy I expect you to uphold! He droned on and I didn't catch much of the rest of it. I couldn't stop thinking about killing Richard.  My mates and I were going to have a night cap with tons of Old Kentucky liquor. I was trying just to impress them with the shooting spree. Maybe we'd all have something else to talk about besides my father.  Later that night cleaning my dorm a call from Arne came through the line. Have you thought about the conference call at all? I expect you to listen in on my brother and meI discussing his conversion back to Human. This nagging was getting old. I folded my flight jacket. I'll be on the line Arne. Why can't we just calm down over there? I said. Are you going to hang out with your flatmates tonight? she asked.  How could I lie to her? I could picture her shiny wet breasts pushed up against the shower door.  No.  Well I suppose it was easy to lie to her. Good she said with finality. So I'll be dialing him with the supervision of Captain at 2100. Okay doll. The flatmates and I shared the same domestic building. It was super residential i.e. we were all pilots and required access to all kinds of spaceships. If I wanted to go to the Space Restaurant I could take the elevator to the dining hangar. If I needed to visit an old trainer across the globe:; travel hangar. And for launching in times of war: battle hangar.  There was a legend that my father stole one of the combat ships with my mom and blew a crater into the moon in the shape of his giant dildo but I've been to the moon and couldn'tnot recognized anything. It was almost definitely a legendrumor.  The ones who tried to tell me he tripped acid on Io were even worse. Apparently psychedelics didn't immediately convert people back in the day.  If my dad tripped acid then I was going to come out of the closet and join a gay circus on the dark side of Neptune. I asked Taylor when I made it to his dorm if I could link my lines over to his system. He asked why and I told him to just wait for it.  He tossed me the oOld Kentucky liquor and said Yes I can link your line.  I checked the liquor bottle's label: This whiskey was drawn out of the stomachs of homeless hippies who lost their lives to cadets on the way to the outer planetoids. Don't be a leaky assed hippie! the bottle said.  Drink oOld Kentucky Whiscky! A planet was drawn mooning the sun.  Are you checking out the branding there Samuel? You know what Greg I'm checking out the curvey edges of the bottle. It reminds me of your mother and gran I said. My mother and grandmother? he asked. Well your grandmother first I said. By her request. Just shoot down another space hippie and I'll let that one go. By the way are we running a game tonight at all? Greg said. I told them I had something better planned.  Taylor's dorm was exactly like mine. It was clean expensive dark greay and brown like our uniforms and wired to help us budding cadets train. The game system was linked to the testing simulator which connected to the phone line. The phone line connected straight to Captain's quarters and through that tiny fiber optic tube was funneled every aspect of our budding cadet lives. There was Aa large round table was bordered by a couch connectors. We all sat at it and poured our first round of shots. Liquor can't convert a cadet because it makes him want to kill Greg said. Totally against the space hippie agenda. We were sitting around the table In the dorm was Greg Taylor and me and 2two liters of old Kentucky. I told them about Arne's brother after the first couple of shots. He's been converted for over 6six months now I said. Punishment to Arne's family for the gay uncle they used to let babysit. Did you know her brother was gay now too? On Saturn everyone's either bi  or gay. Anyway we're going to get to talk to him tonight. I said. They aren't all just bi  or gay. Some are trans  Taylor said. Well yes bi  gay or trans . Yeah. Did you even hear me? I asked. Sure I just didn't believe you. Like we'd all be allowed on the line with a space hippie Taylor said.  Unless? I kicked Greg under the table.  Unless supervised by Captain Greg said. He was reading the bottle distractedly. I'm trying to find any reference to your Dad on here. He's not on Old Kentucky. He's on Westerfordshire Wine I said. It's going to be supervised? Taylor asked digging through his pockets probably searching for an inhalant. Not all drugs arewere psycho subverting. The stimulants almost never wereare dangerous except for their eaffect our health. It was completely meaningless to us because of the high  level of med treatment we received. The three of us were completely addicted to all forms of speed. I didn't think they were nearly curious enough for me to be satisfied so I dropped a bomb on them. He got converted by a different drug than other space hippies. I said. Greg turned his face from the bottle and Taylor apparently found the inhaler.  What drug? Greg asked. Hormones I said. Their budding cadet jaws dropped. But he does other drugs too right? Greg asked. He does now. But he loaded up to go to Saturn a dope virgin. What kind of hippie converts without being totally brainwashed? Greg asked. And what kind of funky cow hormones did he have to shoot up to decide to go to the dark side of a planet? Taylor said forgetting the inhaler. He set it on the table and put his head in his lap. Don't tell me it was Weird Alien hormones! I didn't know that was a thing . . . oh I'm going to be sick.  I smiled. It was just Oxytocin. A totally human hormone. I said. It's sort of a girl hormone but Arne said he got totally wired on the shit and fell in love with the Weird Aliens or something.  That's the shit that's released when you hug someone Greg said wide eyed and amazed. Or breastfeeding.  It's a bonding Chemical I said. So do you want to conference the call now?  Taylor roseraised up from his fetal position and said We have to now. It's too fucked up.  Tie in my lines then my friend. We have about ten minutes until she calls him I said. You can't say anything. I'll mute the microphones but don't be tempted to undo it and start talking to him. That could be a PR disaster and Captain would absolutely raze our asses.  We each took two shots and slammed our 1.5 ounce glasses on the table. If alcohol could convert us we'd be long gone.  Honey I'm here I delicately spoke into the air.  Arne came through talking fast. She was nervous. I'm about to call. she said. I've got the okay from Captain. Please don't say anything! It wouldn't exactly be illegal but I'm trying to get him back to Earth. I miss him.  It's okay doll. I'm muting the microphone. Is it alright if I have a drink?  The other cadets grinned and gave me the thumbs up amusingly. That's fine. Mute the microphone now. He's waiting at the edge of the sunrise in some kind of Weird Alien pay phone. Not like they have any money. Well anyway I don't think they could organize themselves well enough to save any up to make a phone call she said. I suppose I should just nerve up and call right?  I'm ready whenever I said. With any luck he'll be on a spaceship home in the morning.  The line clicked. The pairing atoms of our quantum communicator identified each other: oOne atom; Earth. One atom; Saturn. We could imagine the vast distance of our solar system being synchronized in one atomic spot in the line which vibrated with the frequency of her brother Richard's voice. We leaned towards the table to hear the ceiling speaker better and definitely picked up somebody breathing. It may as well have been a Weird Alien. Microphones muted I gave the okay signal to the other cadets that we could finally speak.  Is he being supervised on the other end? Taylor asked.  Well yes because tThe Weird Aliens constantly monitor all converts Greg said. Not a thought enters their head or word uttered from their mouth that isn't filtered through a Weird Alien.  I strained my head toward the speakers. I think I hear humans in the background at least. There was quiet joyful laughing behind the sound of the breathing. Be quiet.  Richard? Brother? Arne said.  Arne. Hi.  Oh it's so lovely to hear your voice she said.  A pause came through long and painful and then Richard delivered his speech.  Arne I don't think you'll be surprised to learn that my voice is the voice of what you know as a Weird Alien. I have become one with that race and plan to die in the womb of the ancients he said.  Taylor covered his mouth and tried to keep from laughing.  What you don't know is that you are in grave danger. The Weird Aliens are warning us that something dreadful will be happening to you all who choose to live in the light of the terrible sun. I suspect that in fact the sun itself is going to launch spaceships from within and cast a bright fire down upon the sun side of our solar system. Please remain in the dark he said. Remain in the dark. Yes like you're delusional man Taylor said.  Quiet I said.  I also request of you to begin to ingest small amounts of LSD daily as soon as possible Richard said. If the illegal status of LSD on earth forbids you then please try a larger quantity of morning glory seeds or possibly even dried psilocybin mushrooms. Any psychotropic Chemical which alters the brain will help really. Please for your own sake go to your nearest Chemical supplier and take some of these drugs. I've been on a dose of dextromethorph   Arne interrupted him. Richard! Richard! What you're doing now is called Convertee Solicitation she said. Her words were of mixed volumes and syncopations. You're . . . you're in a very bad place! Stop it!  We could hear heavier breathing on the other line. The light of my life has compelled me to stop with this solicitation as you call it. It is simply imperative that I spread the word of the ancients. My life on Earth was completely inverted. I wasn't who I was. I wanted nothing I really needed. I was stuck inside the brain of a boy who also needed something he didn't want. I was brainwashed Arne.  Stop it! she said. I had to turn the volume down because she was beginning to lose it. You're a total lunatic now! We really need you to come to Earth WITHOUT ANY DRUGS  and take some classes at the community college in Ranchboro where Mom and Dad live. You do remember Ranchboro?  I admit it is like a dream to me now.  Listen Richard. Convertee Solicitation is illegal here on Earth and when you come tomorrow we will not tolerate it!  Tomorrow?  Tomorrow?  TOMORROW? I opened my mouth and closed it pointing up at nothing. Uh I said. It was the only sound I could manage.  Alright Arne. I will try my best to comply with your Earth laws. Thank you so much. I have to go now. But please try to be normal. It's for peace Richard. I know how much you presume to want that.  I do not presume Arne Richard said. You have insulted me now. I will forgive you in 45forty five seconds. I hope you feel the shame I have felt during that time.  Richard?  I haven't forgiven you yet.  Act 3 Taken to ending a conflict peacefully my father was recorded stepping the space plank as it were.  The first Alien Invasion was spookily morbid. Billions died and if it weren't for the Intervention we would probably all have died in just a few months. Some suspected the Interveners to have produced the vulcanized beasts whothat attacked us and rescued the solar system in a fake maneuver to enslave us. Certainly we were indebted to the Weird Aliens who saved us. But the attack was over so quickly that we didn't have a lot of time to focus our loathing on the actual Invaders that killed our people. The world was in shock. We could only revamp our military front so that such a thing would never happen again. After the vulcanized beasts left a new era of peaceful human rule began. Unfortunately our bureaucracies were inadequate in actually proving we could rule the planet ourselves. A lot of people felt doped when they realized that most people in power were either totally evil or totally faking it. Those rulers had been immediately killed by the vulcanized beasts through an unusual showing of intelligence and foresight.  That's is how we were so vulnerable to the Weird Aliens during the Second Invasion. Demoralized second class leaders took control of Earth. In a way it was the best thing to happen to the common man. But for Earth it meant losing a lot of people to Chemicals. The new commanders didn't have enough experience. Richard was telling us all of this and added Earth before the Weird Aliens was an experiment for a drug free species. The stigma of drugs was necessary for the human race to exist as it had been: miserable and oppressed.  Arne and I upon seeing the totally neat man arrive from Saturn took her brother  the space hippie  immediately to the Space Restaurant to convince him we had wonderful lives. Your dad was extremely important Samuel Richard said. He ended a violent conflict with the Space Aliens by surrendering control of the Greater Legion to the Weird Aliens. They ascended in ecstasy and it is said they now live in a galaxy at the center of the universe. Oh really? My father was executed by Weird Aliens I said. Would you like to try the Finger? I refrained from using our colloquial name.  Soft shell crab? Delicious. Food on Saturn usually consists of jelly nectar from the wildlife's oily sonar cleft and leafy atmospheric growths which taste of ngiri Richard said.  You seem incredibly normal now that I meet you face to face I said. For a hippie. Oh I knew you were listening to my conversation with Arne last night. I'm sure I was strange then. You see interplanetary communication is extremely important in maintaining peace in the solar system Richard said. I was choosing my words very carefully for the Weird Aliens. Did your buddies ever come around regarding my visitation of Earth? Arne spit out her creepy legged crab. Your buddies Samuel?  Oh yes Richard said. His friends were all listening in. And so were our parents. You have the Captain to thank for that. And the Weird Aliens. He did a strange cross above his heart. I thank them for all. Arne was pissed off but I thought it was cute.  I think mMy flatmates might have been listening in yes Arne I said. Richard seems fine with it. And you?  She mumbled Fine.  When are we returning to Earth? Richard asked.   No matter what you believe happened your father made a great sacrifice and saved a lot of lives Richard said.  In the dorm I was fixing coffee for Arne and Richard. The coffee pods only made singles because I wasn't supposed to have guests. Captain allowed Richard and Arne today and said I'd get bonus credits if we convinced him to stay for good. I've seen the footage of my father stepping into the death ray at the hands of the aliens I said. It was a diplomatic move to sacrifice himself so the Weird Aliens wouldn't enslave us all. The fFake calcium cream poured into each cup as I ordered it. Arne gave Richard a hug. Let's stop talking about his dad. He gets tired of it quickly she said. I'm just glad you're back on Earth where you belong.  Just one more thing sister Richard said. Here it comes. The space hippie theory about my father. He perked his head towards my coffee making body. That wasn't a death ray. He was teleported to the dark side of Neptune.  I sighed. Then why wasn't he found during the Neptune raid?  He was taken to a Neptune that exists only in an alternate universe. He spoke loftily as if this was a royal fact.  Right. I brought the coffee to Arne and him. My own was without calcium cream. I didn't expect that he could have held a conversation but nothing else about him surprised me at all. And where is this bozo Neptune should I seek out my father?  At the center of the universe. He accepted the coffee cooled from the fake cream and took a noisy sip. This isn't very good coffee.  I sat down at the circular table. Well it's the best I could do.  Arne drank hers quietly. I have to ask you I said. Ddid you bring any drugs? Any hormones?  There are enough drugs in my system to last me my entire visit he said. I was told not to talk about drugs.  I placed the coffee on the table and carefully chose my words. I give you permission as ranking cadet to discuss drugs in my dorm I said. So what was the Chemical like that made you leave?  Arne wanted to object. I could tell by the way she sternly stared into her coffee sternly.  The hormone Ocytocin helped me to explore the sensations of my physical body and allowed me to find true love he said. For the first time ever I could feel a strong connection to the entire human race. An almost sexual connection. To everyone. It is as if the stimulant in this coffee could allow me to fall in love.  I remember Arne said. We found your nipple clamps in the garage. Her eyes were locked in the depths of her coffee cup.  Yes sister Richard said. I went a little overboard at first.  But how I asked did the hormone convince you to go to the dark side of a planet?  I knew I was gay and that no human would understand.  I nodded but felt very weirded out. For some reason her brother enticed me. How could anyone decide to join an alien race without taking a psychedelic drug?  Do you know where I can get Ocytocin? I asked.  Samuel! Arne said.  Look it's not going to convert me I said. I looked curiously at Richard who was smiling. It's not even psychotropic.  Are you done Arne? he asked. Because Ocytocin isn't classified as an actual drug I brought some with me. It's not expected that any user I administer the hormone to will convert.  Arne gulped.  Do you want to try some? he said.  I was morbidly fascinated with the hormone. I thought iIt could be the sex enhancing drug me and my flatmates had all been looking for. Sex enhancing drugs weren't known for their conversion potential. Ocytocin had converted Richard as little as six months ago but I felt very strong ideologically. I wouldn't be converted if I could just get a heightened sense of arousal from the hormone.  When he injected the bullet into my arm I immediately doubted that he'd had given me a human hormone. My erection shot up and my chest felt overwhelmingly warm. I started crying. I'm sorry Arne I said. Something is just so bittersweet about it.  Give me that she said and yanked the bullet from Richard. She shot it in her own arm and her eyes squinted. Fuck man.  She jumped into my lap and started caressing me. Richard shot himself with the bullet. After a few minutes I came into her and he into me.   We were bonded eternally in the psychic ritual of love making with our new Goddess Oxytocin. I lost all rank when we stole thea ship from the combat hangar yet still managed to get us through the checkpoints and into a hyper drive routine en route to the dark side of Saturn.  We made it there and were designated as dope free initiates into the Weird Alien religion. We were so in love we didn't need drugs. But it was days later that the Explosion Event destroyed our solar system and brought us into a new world we never dreamed of. Richard had warned Arne that an attack was coming from the sun. In fact we had been converted by the Weird Aliens just days before a real attack came. Instead of a new assault by the vulcanized beasts Earth was beset by the fires of the sun itself.  The initial blasts of the supernova immediately fried everyone on the bright side of a planet. The second wave which would come in a matter of minutes would destroy the entire solar system. The Weird Aliens had a plan for the converts. A device catapulted our freed bodies from the dark side of the planet to the center of the universe just as the supernova wave decimated Saturn and the other planets. We were slingshotted thousands of galaxies away to a dark cloud in space where we united in rapture for seven7 days.  After 7seven days we were taken to an alternate universe where our sun still existed and we were allowed to live on the bright side of the planets. The solar system was identical to our old one. Our old universe happened to be a fluke system and our sun went supernova years before it was supposed to happen. The Weird Aliens had found us and freed most of the human race.  I willed the Weird Aliens to answer a question about the vulcanized beasts. What role did the vulcanized beasts really play in the destruction of the human race? I learned they emerged from their home inside the sun to devour our race before the supernova wasted our spirits. Humans had been saved from them by the Weird Aliens.  On the second Earth I met my real father. He had lived in the alternate universe since we reported his execution.  He hugged me and thanked Richard and Arne who I couldn't separate myself from.  He said he loved me and on the first night of my arrival told me something that has sparked an undying love for our universe and every other universe as well.  I know of a gay circus you might be interested in joining he said. They love boys your age and fitness. It's on the dark side of Neptune. Want me to show you?  I fingered the acid blotter and placed it on my tongue. I think I do Dad.   Gifted to ConradBTalbot. Signed Use whatever title you want My email is jrdnjones@gmail.com if you want more stories Rinaulde Jones   Cover letter I've been writing since second grade. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia at age 19 and I just turned 23 in March. I have self published a book before under the name Caesar Naples. This story was inspired by my journey into and out of a mental hospital which landed me in the most unattractive of places to live: rural Oklahoma. I made the best out of it by creating this piece. Explore the most tantalizing aspects of future culture in this story set sometime after 2020 where neuro ethics have been violated by a government which drugs and surveils the characters. Contents Cover letter 1 Novels 2 Stoned 8 World building 15 Epilogue 18  Novels  She was fascinated by the rotating colors in the magazine. She thought of magazines and how guns used magazines and chuckled.  But we read magazines.  Sudden alarm showed itself in her shoulder blades. It was difficult to control her anger about the night before. The fright was overwhelming. In the bed under a wild sun going against the axis of the earth the room was orange and green.  The magazine models were children and their parents who loomed larger than the kids disproportionately and out of perspective. She would have been frightened by parents that tall. Their faces were smiling more than the children's she noticed and it was ill comforting. It wasn't hard to imagine the parents as robots and the children as calculating knockdowners of blocks. Parents never know that their children have minds. Mind hack was impossible on children. Was the magazine designed by  mind hackers cyber punks big eaters professionalmen govzone fedmen fashionistas mafiosos South Americans East Asians Europeans or sov bombs? It actually seemed to be a contemporary mind hacker making more jokes about autonomous parents. Or a warning from govzone dutymen on the dangers of children and how to keep them good.  Mind hackers were usually mean docs. Lisa was a mind hacker.  She may have felt sad that the children were actors and the adults very much out of control like herself mind hackers taken by govzone fedmen whose model children colleagues were future sov bombs being chosen as American Japanese or some other form of superstar for the world stage. To be famous to win wars; such was the life of a sov bomb.  The night before came flooding back. Taking a DRM after the other cyberpunks left not fucking David and going to sleep. No different from the night before that. David had opened his eyes when she grabbed the magazine from the shelf and now that he was waking up things began to go too fast. Heady swirling images projected themselves from the pages. She wasn't overwhelmed by him she noticed. It was those professionalmen who had brought the magazines. There were more in the shelf. Their friend Steve was a professionalman. He sold com devices. Cells vid ringers holo phones. She quickly erased the idea that Steve could start a magazine business for the cyber punks like David and his other friends because he was too cyber punk. Steve could act like a professionalman but never had the privileges of a real one. No fashionista contacts or mafioso deals. David mumbled something.  Me too she said quietly but he was still asleep.  Nobody could hear them and they couldn't even understand themselves. She was going to throw the magazine away. Professionalmen bothered her. They were the middle guys to a culture obsessed with media consumption. It was obvious life had gone to hell for everybody and the holographic televisions impressed no one and so most people read magazines. Lisa coughed and David Sprouts awoke all the way.  Good morning he whispered. She spoke aloud. I was thinking about starting a magazine.  You can do it. His head crushed down on the pillow again. What do you call them? Professionalmen? That's brilliant really. You've really got society pinned down.  This hurt her. She didn't like acknowledging her abilities especially after. . . Steve could help he said. Steve isn't a real professionalman she said.  Or sov bomb.  She felt more pain and lowered her body to her pillow. Was he making fun of her? Or sov bomb yes David. Will you want to come to the grocer with me?  This was what she remembered from the last week.  I don't know I have stuff to do. Well I can hold it off for a while. But I still shouldn't go. No I'll go. I should stay. Do you want me to go?  You do whatever you want. She wanted him to go.  OK. I'll stay. Have a good time.  It was piercing and final the shame and she dropped it.  There were security cameras. This was fine. She saw a man who knew like her the security cameras were being sent to a remote location. He was putting on airs for the show and it was quite humorous to her and she acknowledged him.  Remember when surveillance used to scare us? I know the guys who monitor this store. They had met around the rabbits lettuce. Lisa couldn't control her voice when it said  We'll soon be afraid of rabbits lettuce!  He didn't know what she was talking about so he lifted his hat and started off.  He was a grocer drone and his friends that were watching the cameras were grocer drones too. Many men were grocer drones; ex cops ex marines. It was quite a feat to pull off a fake grocer drone because all the other grocer drones watch you on surveillance cameras for code signals. Created by the govzone fedmen the grocer drones weren't prioritized at all and would probably die off with the advent of new security systems. Lisa believed the most likely candidates to replace them were mean docs. It would of course signal the end of an era of kind invisible security guards and their kind visible counterparts quietly showing the colors of true Americanism or as she liked to call it:  True true Americanism. She hoped the grocer drones heard her. Going undercover as a fake grocer drone was a fantasy of hers.  Checking out with oranges and rabbits lettuce she went home to cell Steve.  DRM manager govzone Steve here.  Very funny. By the way did you take the DRMs last night?  Yes. I'm on an exponentially larger amount of the stuff.  Steve was a dullard. Can you help me Steve?  I don't know. Can I?  The cell perked up red and blue. It was Steve's cell theme. He was pressing the I'm late for an appointment button as if he was a real professionalman and had things to do.  Stopping herself she just asked for more magazines.  Sure thing. But I'll be your number one guy from now on right?  You're already my number one guy.  They really were friends. Up and at 'em David was psyched for the new 'zines. A big box of them came in copies of five for each one. She took one and began cutting. He stacked a copy of each 'zine in front of him and slowly said. 'IIIIIII fffffffeeeeeeellllllllllllll gggggggoooooooddddddd.  Mme too but she stole away. She brought the magazine she was scissoring but found boredom quickly. She was looking for signs of grocer drones but couldn't grab each magazine and  quickly scan it like the boys. Her interest piqued when she saw an advertisement for cyber punk literature known as cyber fi. The story was entitled Con Defeat and rendered on the page as a cyber flick of magnanimous proportions. The ad said IT IS LIKE NO MOVIE YOU'VE EVER READ. She sighed and thought of the curse of modern advertisement. Books were meant to be read as movies as most actors were children and most movies geared toward children. Eventually the publishers had replaced the word book with movie and the authors followed suit with new styles similar to movie scenes. She called Steve back.  Can you get me a free copy of Con Defeat?  I can get you 20 free copies if you agree to distribute the extras.  You know I can't do that.  Oh yes you view med dibs with disdain.  Professionalmen.  You know the fed govs want us to call them med dibs. Them?  Always a joy Lisa. She was sure he smiled. I'll send you and David 5 copies tonight. They should be in by meal.  'Thanks Steve. You are wonderful.  He was really a cyber punk. And so was she. The book was decent.  Do you think I could write cyber fi? she asked David. Yes! We all want you to. What you did on Punk Page was out of this world. We all really liked it. David was hiding his disdain for her fiction. It was cute.  I have a story idea.  Yes? \ A grocer drone takes a walk to the sec center.  You know we're not supposed to talk about the information we gathered from mind hacking.  That  I  gathered David. But you're correct. We did sign our digital signatures.  And that's the most important signature there is! His sense of humor almost made sense. Everything David said was literally true but his life was so ironic that it passed off as sarcasm. David's greatest joke ultimately brought tears of sadness to her eyes. Or it used to.. Tell me your best joke again.  I've forgotten to ask you which one was best. It was part of the joke. And so I'll have to ask was it the dolphin fucking one or the one about pool rape?  She played along. Dolphin fucking is pool rape.  I had forgotten. And that was the joke and David was considered a funnyman of the age but she didn't cry. She could see the humor in it this time.  Ah she reached for a smile. So meta.  She started working on a graphic novel.  Lisa had low energy according to the mean docs. She found it was a self fulfilling prophecy and in her haze that evening she was having a hard time downing the DRM.  Already. She was talking to herself.  A. Comic.  She was referring to David and wondered where the crush had gone. Down the throat with the DRMs for sure. And the laziness was the mean doc's ideal image of her Lisa Drone. She gave them a fake name like all cyber punks. When they found out her friends and she was just another group of cyber punks the meds went up and the mean docs started watching them with new surveillance systems. David knew. He thought it was her fault. He had a sense of humor about it.  I see the cameras and I don't like them he laughed with James last week at dinner. They both chuckled for a long time like idiots. IIIIIIII wwwwwwwwiiiiiiiisssssssshhhhhhhh IIIIIIII  wwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaatttttttttcccccccchhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeddddddddd mmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyysssssssssseeeeeeeeeelllllllllllfffffffff.  It was horrible. She and David still weren't together. Lisa and David still brought up memories for their friends who couldn't swallow their guilt about the entire situation. James said later that night that Lisa looked much better. James you know I was helping us she had said but was ignored. She wondered if James was a mean doc. He had something against her. They all did now really and that's why she was working on the cyber fi docs. Swallow. Swallow. Swallow. Ddonne. Morning after morning she read magazines trying to take mind hack principles and turn them into cyber punk design potential. Cyber punk design had all the caveats of programming language; she couldn't contradict herself and that became very difficult by the end of the story. In fact that's what had characterized the success of Con Defeat. The main arc of the story was incredibly complex and the hacker who wrote it didn't break any programming rules for the ending. It wasn't up to par with the com gen stories but those were never cyber punk and always hosted online by fashionistas who played by entirely different rules. Mean docs loved com gen stories. They represented a challenge for her.  The first frame was finished. It was a circular head displaying itself in front of the kid coliseum. A new young smiley. A visitor to the games in South America which everyone knew had the gnarliest kid coliseums. The smile was upside down but still looked like a smile in a illusory way and she was proud of the black ink drawing. The text read thus:  The child had never seen murder or trickery. The child was an innocent. The child was sad. The crowds observed the child and thought him a future champion. The child was not a model. The child was an adult robot inside a child suit. Meet The Child. She thought the intro might work. The next frame was going to imitate the fashionista style of counter points which she thought of as lies.  The child was completely human and found comfort in knockingdown blocks. The child was  a future cyber punk. But for now he was his own parent because his parents had died as children in the kid coliseum. His parents were dead. The child was a clone. The child was human.  She smiled. It had the brainwashing sound of fashionista literature. Next was the introduction of the kid coliseum. People love to relearn things and she would introduce the arena as if to someone who had never heard of it. Enormously She chuckled again.  the kid coliseum worked into his spine and filtered his remarkable brainstem. The child had logged in for the first time and felt shaky. He had drank no sugar. He had pounded no beer. He was perfect. But today he was just watching.  This might be up to par with the com gens! she told herself to keep herself motivated and busy. The frame was a spine implant going into the boy. The next one took a while to draw from memory. Several neuron were represented in thick black ink. The child's brain was very active and wise. It had been untouched by the kid coliseum. She didn't feel fear even though any gov type would arrest her on the spot. She had a plan for the next frame something less illegal and closer to cyber punk.  The child wasn't affected by the kid coliseum because the child was part of the kid coliseum. The child was a robot. The child's parents were dead and the fed govs had created him. All praise to the fed govs. She finished the novel the next day. It was marketed for children. She knew they wouldn't notice the frame about praising the fedgovs; that's not how unsupervised children's minds worked. And the adults would skip through the book and read those words and make a purchase immediately. She just had to convince the professionalmen she was a govzone fedman. Or at least a fashionista. David read it.  You'd be better off faking that you're a fash star.  No panic. No anger. She just said They aren't the stars. I know the children are the stars. Yes what do you call them?  The children? Children. You get me.  I got you? He was wearing his tightly fitting orange and blue clothes in the orange and green room and the heat lamp was making everything more orange and she wanted him to leave. It's so hot in here.  Alright I'll unplug the heat lamp. Your personality is changing Lisa. Make another book and try to sell them both. Steve told me he would help you. James is coming over tonight. You have all the support in the world.  Great. I can't wait to have him. She was having trouble breathing but it was nothing.  Yeah I thought you'd like that.  He left for his awesome job and she quit faking they were dating. The meandocs thought they were dating. She put a record on and started with the next graphic novel. When James came over that night she showed him the completed second novel and he liked it a lot.  Hell if you can't fake a fash star you might as well make a few copies yourself and give them to all our friends.  She beamed. She ate. She saw him out. She went to her room.  By ten months those strange men you see in grocery stores will create a rebellion. By twenty months caretakers mean docs will use the camera system to watch us instead of security guards. She finished the third one and called up Steve.  Can you print copies of my novels? She couldn't understand his response only that it was surprise. Can you?  What?  Can you make copies of my graphic novels for all of us?  Only if it's cyber fi. I know a cyber fi publisher. Is it cyber fi?  She cocked her head very slowly..  No. Then I can't. But show me a cyber fi and they'll print it. They love new authors. Are you writing?  Yes. Thank you Steve. Goodbye.  Stoned Taking a long fresh walk could take so much time that she'd miss out on whatever David was doing no matter if she went just to the end of the block and back. She felt a little trapped in the house but it was her own problem. David was being terribly interesting this week. Gggggggggoooooooooddddddddd mmmmmmmmmooooooooorrrrrrrrrnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnngggggggggg he said when he finally was awake.  Good morning she replied.  You're meeting with Sean today. Do you want me to cancel?  No. Great. I love you sweetie. Sean was going to publish her future novels. They loved new authors at his publishing company. The plot wasn't planned out but she hoped to ask Sean for advice on her first cyber fi novel. The main plot device was a computer which simulated reality but she didn't know how many worlds within worlds within the comsim to create. It wouldn't be a hard question for him. She knew the answer was around 3 and it was more of a test than anything. She didn't think he was a professionalman or as David preferred a med dib: medicine distributor. A misnomer for them it was odd he didn't use her word. Most people received magazines or 2D movs from professionalmen and were oblivious to the medicines people like her and the cyber punks were forced to take. They actually thought of the 'zines and movs to be medicine for their trouble. Most middle class neighborhoods were subscribed the exact same material creating little teams of families from different areas.  The middle class were some of the most privileged people in the country. The cyberpunks were recognized as being a higher class because they were capable of faking it and needed a different type of medicine to function in society. Of course the mean docs and big eaters were even higher class than the cyber punks possibly on some other form of medication subscription or as she suspected those two groups were the top of the ladder and made medicine for themselves. She hoped Sean was a big eater. She had been reading cyber fi to get prepared. This weekend she would try finish the novel; it would be longer than the ones she had been making.  David was playing around with the DRMs today. I'll have five I'm feeling rather ill he said but smirked. He was doing this for the mean docs. Of course it was impossible to communicate with the security system so he was entertaining her by making her guess the real motivation for it. He gave it away rather quickly. I just want to get high really. Monotone. His sense of humor was edgy and she was sure they were stars for the mean docs. She played along once more.  Oh I'm sure you're just saying that for the security systems. You don't have to act like an addict. You don't feel well and that's all there is to it. They shared a muted laugh. But dear I've been classified as a Type 1 Addict. The motivations unknown by me will surely be understood by the. . . What do you call them? A drop in a her stomach. He didn't include her in his jokes.  Mean docs.  He may have been making fun of her but she didn't care.  Yes the mean docs. Perhaps you're feeling ill? Will you take five too hun?  Of course she wanted to. Yes.  It was this kind of behavior that got them in the mean doc system in the first place. The only way to fake it anymore with the security system was to make sure the faking led to medicine taking. Lisa still wondered David's real reason for getting high. The medicine was not very good for it. It may have been for Sean. Maybe he was desperate for a game with her.  I think I'll take six she said.  But your limit is seven! Seven then.  Well my limit is five. My personal limit.  They waited for the speakers. Sometimes when they faked it odd mechanical laughter could be heard for half a second or so from the speakers. No sound. He usually had sex with her when there wasn't a sound. I'm proud of you David. I don't have a personal limit because I'm not a Class 1 Addict they had taken their meds when they were waiting for the laughter but it is good for yyou to care so mmuchh abouuuttt thheee meannnn ddooccccs ppllannns fffoorrr. . .  Uuuuuuuuuuussssssssss.  It was frightening taking so much medication for her. David really was more of a user even before he was zoned a Class 1 Addict.  Living in America wasn't a free decision. Lisa had heard that in other countries the early surveillance systems were still in place and most people lived like stars in a movie. No mean docs just crowds of grocer drones. Third world countries couldn't produce sov bombs with no big eaters or mean docs. Large performances would be held in protest some violent in city streets. Hackers like David had downloaded the data and created little movs using all the cameras sometimes from very odd angles. The govzone fedmen of that country would face all the cameras towards the performance and even had large stages set in  cities to host them. Some of the best movs of the century were created by hackers but only  cyber punks cared about watching them. David unloaded a file of a newer one and put it on the 2D screen in the kitchen. Chowing on eggs he started commenting out loud. The ninth installment of the revolution nobody saw. Sequel after sequel filmed in the same Nicaraguan platform; only a few hackers saw this one. Of course every federal government on the South American continent saw and had a good laugh. We can't even sell this one to med dibs for plot ideas. He added Truly a desperate situation then faked that he was trying to hold in the laughter from his joke. Wasn't this one a farce?  Yes. They knew the med dibs quit buying their shows and had a laugh. A hateful rebellious laugh still. It's quite complex really. They all were. Nicaraguan Rule 9 was sketched as a cccccccccccooooooooooommmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddddyyyyyyyyyyyyy however.  A comedy with shooting?  It's one of the most brilliant I've ever seen. Just very dangerous to distribute.  What were the others ones like? In Nicaraguan Rule 1 fifty people lined up to get shot by the same person voluntarily. The last one died five hours into it because the shooter was telling the story of his country from as far back as modern history could reach. And when he killed the last one identified as no more important than the 49 citizens behind him the leader shouted 'I am president elect!  This seemed to make her sad but she wasn't sure.  He's the star of each new episode. It's hard to keep him alive but they have some mafiosos organizing the whole thing now. Very pissed off mafiosos.  Because they're not making any money?  Exactly. And what do mafiosos do?  Protect fed govs?  Yes in America. Not in Nicaragua. The mafiosos hired the fashionista for the rebellion. It's looking like the fed govs are giving in and Nicaragua is going to become fashion capital of the South American continent. And then we'll have entire neighborhoods in America looking like Mexican gangsters. It was important he said Mexican for the mean docs. I'd say it was a better governmental system if I wasn't high right now.  That triggered the speakers. No sex tonight.  Then why is nobody buying the movs? Isn't that pissing off the mafiosos?  It's all a ruse. The mafiosos will get so angry that any of of these sequels could be a real coup. They'll replace the current fed govs in Nicaragua with fashionistas.  That sounds very entertaining.  It is. Or it was until the govzone fedmen in America started censoring the data. It's some of the most expensive entertainment in the world and the Nicaraguan rebels know it. It's like their gold except it's essentially priceless. The first one was a core dump of governmental history and drama. Americans could be watching and reading about the history of Nicaragua in 'zines and movs for a long time. It will be Americanized and we're guessing from Nicaraguan Rule 9 hilarious.  Good. I love comedy. Especially fashionista comedy.  He raised his voice. Better shut up bitch!  Hmm?  The mov's about to start. The speakers groaned.  A two dimensional man wearing a wide brimmed hat busted through a doorway with a machete.  He started running along a white hall with another door at the end of the hall with weapon raised . After blazing forward twenty feet he was shot by an invisible gun. The screen switched to a large image of a man wearing a blazer and booty shorts sitting over a salt shaker cam. He was the shootera large sniper rifle was propped against his leg. Begin Nicaraguan Rule 9! Thou shalt not murder.  David piqued up. He's playing God! Oh ha ha.  I wonder which commandment he leaves out.  You already picked up on that? he said.  Mind hack principles taught me to be perceptive.  The man with a sniper arose from the table and walked slowly down the hall to the door. When it opened he didn't allow the camera to see the intruder. Ripping open his jacket he launched two knives through the threshold. Thou shalt honor thy mother and father!  David That one was insane he always mentions his parents were killed by an invisible US soldier.  Ah. When does this get funny?  The hero approached the man whom he sniped and offered his hand. The man had been shot right below another camera and it could be seen now that he was not dead. He accepted the help and rose. They walked arm and arm through the door at the end of the hall. A white light silhouetted their bodies and they went outside. The camera lingered on the hallway with both doors open one to the inside and one to the outside.  That was sweet.  Keep in mind it's been predicted these movies will make Nicaragua one of the richest countries in the world when it all blows over. He shut the mov program down. We can't watch the rest of it with Sean coming over. He might not be able to handle sensitive information. Like I said this information is extremely valuable.  OK Commander.  Cccccccccccoooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrr?  She kissed him. He went for it. Yes baby. You're the best govzone fedman ever. Why can't we just watch it?  Because I hacked millions of dollars worth of software just to download these movs illegally.  But what's Sean going to care. . .?  Sean? We barely know him! It sounds like you're cheating with him by that tone of voice anyway. Do you two know each other outside of your second degree of separation through James?  Maybe the two of us do.  Does he care if you have sex with young hackers in your free time?  She couldn't contradict herself in front of the mean docs so she said 'No' and launched into his lap. He stood up out of his chair but she grabbed on. 'The mean docs want us to.'  You sound seriously desperate!  She got off him. I was trying to be funny.  He brushed his shirt like a mime. You're just high. Of course that joke never got old to the mean docs. They had heard the speakers twice today anyway. She knew it was futile. She wanted to ask if he thought meds made men funny and women horny but he was so caught in this weird web of his own hilariousness that it didn't matter. I thought we could cook some food for Sean. We should make a good impression. Apparently you're cheating on me with a CEO publisher.  She snapped her head toward David. Why didn't you tell me he was a big eater?  I didn't want you to get too nervous.  We're meeting a big eater? Do you understand the power of big eaters?  David surreptitiously walked into the nearby kitchen. What did I say about making a good impression? I know this is important. It's for you hun. You could    She lurched towards him a second time and whispered What will the mean docs think?  That I'm selling him a dangerous and illegal mov?  What do you mean?  I'm not going to show him what is contained in  Nicaraguan Rule 9. However I've told him its security level and his head almost exploded over the phone. That's the main reason he's coming over. He had never heard of Nicaraguan Rule 9 but was very pleased I had it. It's worthless to him by the way.  Why is it worthless to a publisher?  He wants it for his own med subscription. The content is unusable to a . . . big eater.  She knew this was true. In fact she knew that any big eater already had a copy of Nicaraguan Rule 9. David was lying. The two o f them were very used to mean doc security.  Sean arrived. Big man. He ate well. There was little conversation. He made small plans with Lisa to see a rough draft downloaded the mov and he left.  He was a big eater. New DRMs came Sunday. It was shaped in tiny foods. Microwavable bacon and Rite Egg and hamburgers and juice boxes. They didn't want to take them. It wasn't because they didn't have the same shape as if they were addicted to that certain mushroom cap of the DRMs. The short way in which the new DRMS squashed a little bit more joy made them indescribably hatable. Multi vitamins? She asked.  No. Bento DRMs. Ah. More sadness. They had to take them. Her novel was coming along. She wanted to include the film Nicaraguan Rule 9 but knew David would protest rightly. If they wanted to survive they could only mention the film to cyber hackers and big eaters. She wanted Sean to come over again and remembered what David had asked about cheating. They weren't really in a relationship but things would really have to fall apart for her to have sex with anyone else. It was a secret they weren't together a semi dangerous game they played for the mean docs. The real danger was if she had kids. Of course they would have to register the pregnancy and probably would be relocated forever to a truck farm or a facility where cyber hacker children raised by the kid coliseum were eventually trucked to gas mining or miltiary zone locations to live the rest of their lives until they escaped. Usually an escape required follow through from a big eater or fashionista or even mafioso; otherwise they'd get arrested and taken to a pris zone.  David and Lisa's escape had been on account of talent. The mean docs actually freed the two themeslves.  Drawbacks: DRMs and mean doc surveillance. It wasn't that bad until the DRM stacks overtook their senses and their talents became useless. This would result in a transfer to pris zone because the DRMs and their lifestyle was essentially illegal. During the times when they became too drugged to function they had to fake that they were taking the medication but not take the medication. She hated the harsh dive into reality then super reality. Reality she could handle. It reminded her of how sov bombs must live. Peacefully. After a few days the crystal clear perception wore off and the world became a very big mess.  They would make that dive next week. David had already mentioned issues with focus. Slipping out of the DRM headspace was like having a swollen brain or a distended sense of time and space. The brain compensates by becoming overactive when on DRMs and if they're taken out of the psychotropic valley it's like having too much coolant in the skull. The stuff freezes and comes out of the ears like old stalactites finally removed from a cave and in their stead are cold holes filled with anxiety and hyperactivity. She thought of the consciousness manipulation with real fear because what was she after all but a consciousness?  Predicting a bad bout of DRM suffocation when they would quit taking them because the DRMs were easy to kill like brain cells David was loading up on jazz and other complicated type of music to keep his brain active. Lisa liked to listen to this music when off the DRMs because it occasionally seemed to give her a glimpse of a world before mean docs and fashionistas. In this world she could fly and swim and be happy even if she was a little oversensitive. Food helped but they couldn't eat much more than normal or the mean docs would get suspicious. They finished Nicaraguan Rule 9. It seemed like mostly a celebration with no killing or heroism. David said Nicaraguan Rule 10 could possibly be the last one before the government takeover. They lived like the generous donors they were for that week. Sunday morning came again and they pawed the DRMs into their cheek to get pushed into the bathroom sink later. The unthinkable happened Sunday night.  A mean doc came over. He was enormous and most definitely a mean doc because of his red attire. Perfectly nice he could have also been a govzone fedman that is a mean doc with higher authority than simply the surveillance team. He was going to give them a test. The written test was very long and they felt enormously lucky to be off the DRMs. 1. What is the desired color of the sky? 2. What must avoid water? Name 3 industrial examples. 3. What year did an American buy the first television? 4. How many wars have been initiated by other countries since 2020?  etc... It was the verbal test that proved most challenging. If I were to tell you I was a news reporter what news story would you want me to report?  If you became famous how would you support China?  What's the earliest memory that has an influence on who you are as a person today?  David was an expert at these. Lisa because she wasn't on the DRMs felt very confident in both of their answers except the last one.  If a publisher came to your house would you ask them to leave?  Of course they both said yes. The fact that Sean was a publisher wasn't supposedly known to them. The surveillance was completely ignored by mean docs in person even though cameras as large as a thumb could be found tacked to the walls. When he left David re adjusted the salt shaker cam and said Boy I felt like I was in high school again.  What do you mean? Lisa asked.  Filling out answers giving my responses.  Did you like high school? She asked.  Tough to answer. Is this part of the test?  No.  Not that my answer would've changed. But yes I did like high school.  Their loft seemed shamefully bare and exposed without the DRMs. Hard edges and harder shadows. It really made them depressed. Sean couldn't ever come over again because when the mean docs let on they know something about something they usually do. They braced themselves for a few more days of reality then super reality or highly sensitive mania until their brains cleared out the DRMs. Sean called. David apologized. Sean insisted on coming over. David said tomorrow in the morning. This better be worth it David said.  World building So you two are getting off the DRMs?  David jumped. Jesus Christ! Then added What the hell are you talking about?  You've been taking medication supplied to you by the government called DRMs and you've recently decided to quit taking them?  Medicine? From the government?  Good job David Lisa thought. My turn. He means the mean docs.  David was furious for a second then controlled himself. Oh the mean docs? He sounded hysterical. Yes and the professionalmen. Lisa smiled. Gotcha! Sean told David to sit. If you're getting off the DRMs you might die. Did you know that?  Only Lisa could respond. If you're a mean doc we have to tell you everything. Are you a mean doc?  Sean seemed confused. No.  Then please leave. Lisa was almost as alarmed as David but knew she could handle a situation like this better than he. She seemed to improvise a fake plan better than David who honestly spent a lot of time memorizing what he was going to say.  I would feel obligated to leave if you asked me to. However I have a mushroom cap of a chemical very similar to the DRMs that can help you with the consequences of quitting your stack.  David was genuinely offended. As if we would take any drug you gave to us!  I'm going to mail you the substance. It should come in the same tube the DRMs come in and you shouldn't receive any DRMs tomorrow. Trust me on this. Take the medication. I'm worried for your health. He rose from his own chair. And Lisa I trust you're still working on the book for me?  She didn't answer. When he left they had nowhere to hide. They knew the cameras saw the conversation between them and Sean and considering they couldn't re record anything for the mean docs they only hoped that the same denial by the mean docs of surveillance would help them. Maybe Sean knew something they didn't. Maybe he was a mean doc hmiself. A new regimen would make sense coming from the government as he so candidly said. That was fun! Of course David was faking it. He should come over more often. Do you like him? This was a loaded question.  Yes very much.  They couldn't mention what he said about the DRMs and had no idea what would be coming in the mail the next day. They were blue.  And they were taken with regards to the regular DRMs in a fashion out of sync with reality.  Mushroom caps of new DRMs were soft gelling in their esophagus and David felt much better and Lisa was exuberant. The test they had taken the day before was the topic of conversation and Sean wasn't on their minds. They weren't high on the new DRMs. They were simply grounded in a reality that seemed to them the closest thing to a normal way of being than they had experienced since very early childhood. She had answered the question about early memories with a story about losing her mother and father. What really would affect her the most was the pre conscious state of being that she was always looking for again; the clear reality of what she was experiencing right then.  The color of the sky should be blue she thought. But it was orange. And she had answered orange. And she was terrified of that. David was on the computer. She went to the grocery store alone.  She heard from a book that someone once said in the future everyone will be famous. How could anyone be famous with so many drones walking around? Grocer drones skater drones family drones truckdriver drones office drones. They didn't notice her yet she knew she should stand out being alone. The effect was that they were so absorbed in their own lives they couldn't let anything penetrate them. Is that how people became famous: to themselves?  She was bagging rabbits lettuce when the new DRMs started intensifying.  She realized she was famous as a drone as all drones were famous as drones. The cameras watching her celebrated their public duty invisibly cheering them all on to become world famous movie stars. Lisa was very aware of every movement of her body even more so than she was aware of the dull nature of everyone surrounding her and prickly hairs on her neck told her she was being watched more closely than the others.  But it was the blues. And for a split second she hated the red DRMs and the mean docs and grocer drones.  Maybe she was questioning the possibility of staging her own coup.  She took her car by the hospital and set her eyes on the windows opening and shutting as people died and were let into rooms. She came to the hospital because the sick and dying were some of the most free people in America. Freedom from the mean docs could be found if she could just answer the questions the right way and be released. She longed for another test and her longing seemed to float its way through those hospital windows.  Like the speakers from her loft her car began to create vocal sounds. Alarmed she turned the engine off but the sound kept buzzing through.  It is a curve ball. Loaded. Ready to tear into your gut. It's a machine trudging along.  She jumped out of her car and began to call David on her cell.  It's astronomical. Brain. Heart. Bone. Forget those things you're watching life unfold.  Putting herself back into the car not reaching David she decided to drive home because the mean docs had obviously changed tactics again and this is what she heard:  Reach for the stars feel the dust on your fingers. I can feel the dust right now falling from my hands as I push into the of a pillow fish in the aquarian sky. The stars are that fish's eggs strewn about by my hand. We're taking you to the base Lisa.  She kept driving home.  Answer one question Lisa. What's the one way to get out of your life in the loft with David?  She said nothing. The voices were coming from the insides of her vehicle.  The answer is to play God.  She was running out of gas. She slammed on the breaks and cursed trying to take the car to the right side of the road. She couldn't see well. Objects were different colors than they used to be and she was becoming more and more detached from her body. She became very afraid she would be pulled from her warm muscles and frame and watch herself collapse on the ground from above. Sean rescued her.  He left her car and her cellphone by the side of the road and carried her to his truck. He drove to the nearest gas station and splashed water on her face. Wake up!  Nothing seemed right.  We're taking you to our base Lisa.  She was dazed. Was it your voice through the speakers? she asked.  There weren't any speakers. We were communicating telepathically to you.  Still confused she did manage to show some hostility. What the hell were you thinking coming to our house talking about the government? Who the hell are you? Are you one of David's friends playing tricks on us like mean docs? Are you a mean doc?  If you're referring to the government officials who monitor your daily life then no. I am not a mean doc Sean said. I am CEO of a nearby publishing house. We want you to write stories for us. We've seen the footage. You're classifiably a social expert. We need you.  He really was a big eater.  She had so many questions but she was too out of it to make any come together. Except one. Why us? ? It's really just you Lisa. David can be useful if you decide to use him. However you don't have to go back to him if you don't want to Sean said. You have a lot of decisions to make. We're creating another world Lisa with people like you at the center. The only freedom we've managed to achieve is in our own minds and so the government has been drugging us. The mushroom caps I sent you put your mind into a normal place. The hallucinations you were experiencing will subside. So what do you want to do?  Lisa had no idea what she wanted to do. Could she really leave David? Pangs of remorse for her partner in crime were drumming inside her. She was very attached to him with all of his idiosyncracies. Those were to be expected with cyber hackers. But was she different than him? More versatile perhaps and definitely not as hilarious. It hurt to think of that and to think of what David would say if she was really thinking about how funny he was when she could be freeing herself.  She said O.K. and the voices started coming back...  Take it slow Meta. You might be God now. Have mercy on us all. Nation breaker out.  It hit her then.  She was a sov bomb!  Epilogue  This story is about taking huge concepts and packing them into just a little space. I had just been to a psychiatric hospital and the grandiose ideas I had in my head after visiting such a place were uncontainable. I wrote out the synopsis and worked from that with the names of the different types of people in the story already planned out. The first part actually assumes I'm going to continue on the plot of her creating a book and doing a social engineering experiment on the future version of Facebook. The world can be described as a 1984 like state with 3 global tiers: regular Joes at the bottom cyber hackers and medicine distributors in the middle and mafiosos fashionistas sov bombs big eaters and mean docs at the top. It's arguable whether or not all mean docs are above the cyber hackers so we'll say they're future human version 2.1. Mean docs aren't med dibs; mean docs are the invisible watchers who Lisa assumes gets entertainment from the security footage. The idea is based on a simple concept: social awareness. The regular Joes at the bottom in America have no idea they're being fed media from televised revolutions in South America. The cyber hackers and mind hackers above them are simply more aware and thus are medicated by the ones above themthe mean docs. The mean docs get their medicines from big eaters fashionistas and mafiosos in turn in a caste cycle of consciousness. About the sov bomb: I wanted to take the idea of nuclear warheads being converted to people. Instead of an actual bomb there were sov bombs. These people were selected from mind hackers to save the world and fight other countries. At the end it's pretty clear there's a rebel group of moralistic Americans trying to free the world... the big eaters.   Cover letter I've been writing since second grade. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia at age 19 and I just turned 23 in March. I have self published a book before under the name Caesar Naples. This story was inspired by my journey into and out of a mental hospital which landed me in the most unattractive of places to live: rural Oklahoma. I made the best out of it by creating this piece. Explore the most tantalizing aspects of future culture in this story set sometime after 2020 where neuroethics have been violated by a government which drugs and surveils the characters. Slow Meta 1   Novels  She was fascinated by the rotating colors in the magazine. She thought of magazines and how guns used magazines and chuckled.  But we read magazines.  Sudden alarm showed itself in her shoulder blades. It was difficult to control her anger about the night before. The fright was overwhelming. In the bed under a wild sun going against the axis of the earth the room was orange and green.  The magazine models were children and their parents who loomed larger than the kids disproportionately and out of perspective. She would have been frightened by parents that tall. Their faces were smiling more than the children's she noticed and it was ill comforting. It wasn't hard to imagine the parents as robots and the children as calculating knockdowners of blocks. Parents never know that their children have minds. Mind hack was impossible on children. Was the magazine designed by  mind hackers cyber punks big eaters professionalmen govzone fedmen fashionistas mafiosos South Americans East Asians Europeans or sov bombs? It actually seemed to be a contemporary mind hacker making more jokes about autonomous parents. Or a warning from govzone dutymen on the dangers of children and how to keep them good.  Mind hackers were usually mean docs. Lisa was a mind hacker.  She may have felt sad that the children were actors and the adults very much out of control like herself mind hackers taken by govzone fedmen whose model children colleagues were future sov bombs being chosen as American Japanese or some other form of superstar for the world stage. To be famous to win wars; such was the life of a sov bomb.  The night before came flooding back. Taking a DRM after the other cyberpunks left not fucking David and going to sleep. No different from the night before that. David had opened his eyes when she grabbed the magazine from the shelf and now that he was waking up things began to go too fast. Heady swirling images projected themselves from the pages. She wasn't overwhelmed by him she noticed. It was those professionalmen who had brought the magazines. There were more in the shelf. Their friend Steve was a professionalman. He sold com devices. Cells vid ringers holo phones. She quickly erased the idea that Steve could start a magazine business for the cyber punks like David and his other friends because he was too cyber punk. Steve could act like a professionalman but never had the privileges of a real one. No fashionista contacts or mafioso deals. David mumbled something.  Me too she said quietly but he was still asleep.  Nobody could hear them and they couldn't even understand themselves. She was going to throw the magazine away. Professionalmen bothered her. They were the middle guys to a culture obsessed with media consumption. It was obvious life had gone to hell for everybody and the holographic televisions impressed no one and so most people read magazines. Lisa coughed and David Sprouts awoke all the way.  Good morning he whispered. She spoke aloud. I was thinking about starting a magazine.  You can do it. His head crushed down on the pillow again. What do you call them? Professionalmen? That's brilliant really. You've really got society pinned down.  This hurt her. She didn't like acknowledging her abilities especially after. . . Steve could help he said. Steve isn't a real professionalman she said.  Or sov bomb.  She felt more pain and lowered her body to her pillow. Was he making fun of her? Or sov bomb yes David. Will you want to come to the grocer with me?  This was what she remembered from the last week.  I don't know I have stuff to do. Well I can hold it off for a while. But I still shouldn't go. No I'll go. I should stay. Do you want me to go?  You do whatever you want. She wanted him to go.  OK. I'll stay. Have a good time.  It was piercing and final the shame and she dropped it.  There were security cameras. This was fine. She saw a man who knew like her the security cameras were being sent to a remote location. He was putting on airs for the show and it was quite humorous to her and she acknowledged him.  Remember when surveillance used to scare us? I know the guys who monitor this store. They had met around the rabbits lettuce. Lisa couldn't control her voice when it said  We'll soon be afraid of rabbits lettuce!  He didn't know what she was talking about so he lifted his hat and started off.  He was a grocer drone and his friends that were watching the cameras were grocer drones too. Many men were grocer drones; ex cops ex marines. It was quite a feat to pull off a fake grocer drone because all the other grocer drones watch you on surveillance cameras for code signals. Created by the govzone fedmen the grocer drones weren't prioritized at all and would probably die off with the advent of new security systems. Lisa believed the most likely candidates to replace them were mean docs. It would of course signal the end of an era of kind invisible security guards and their kind visible counterparts quietly showing the colors of true Americanism or as she liked to call it:  True true Americanism. She hoped the grocer drones heard her. Going undercover as a fake grocer drone was a fantasy of hers.  Checking out with oranges and rabbits lettuce she went home to cell Steve.  DRM manager govzone Steve here.  Very funny. By the way did you take the DRMs last night?  Yes. I'm on an exponentially larger amount of the stuff.  Steve was a dullard. Can you help me Steve?  I don't know. Can I?  The cell perked up red and blue. It was Steve's cell theme. He was pressing the I'm late for an appointment button as if he was a real professionalman and had things to do.  Stopping herself she just asked for more magazines.  Sure thing. But I'll be your number one guy from now on right?  You're already my number one guy.  They really were friends. Up and at 'em David was psyched for the new 'zines. A big box of them came in copies of five for each one. She took one and began cutting. He stacked a copy of each 'zine in front of him and slowly said. 'IIIIIII fffffffeeeeeeellllllllllllll gggggggoooooooddddddd.  Mme too but she stole away. She brought the magazine she was scissoring but found boredom quickly. She was looking for signs of grocer drones but couldn't grab each magazine and  quickly scan it like the boys. Her interest piqued when she saw an advertisement for cyber punk literature known as cyber fi. The story was entitled Con Defeat and rendered on the page as a cyber flick of magnanimous proportions. The ad said IT IS LIKE NO MOVIE YOU'VE EVER READ. She sighed and thought of the curse of modern advertisement. Books were meant to be read as movies as most actors were children and most movies geared toward children. Eventually the publishers had replaced the word book with movie and the authors followed suit with new styles similar to movie scenes. She called Steve back.  Can you get me a free copy of Con Defeat?  I can get you 20 free copies if you agree to distribute the extras.  You know I can't do that.  Oh yes you view med dibs with disdain.  Professionalmen.  You know the fed govs want us to call them med dibs. Them?  Always a joy Lisa. She was sure he smiled. I'll send you and David 5 copies tonight. They should be in by meal.  'Thanks Steve. You are wonderful.  He was really a cyber punk. And so was she. The book was decent.  Do you think I could write cyber fi? she asked David. Yes! We all want you to. What you did on Punk Page was out of this world. We all really liked it. David was hiding his disdain for her fiction. It was cute.  I have a story idea.  Yes? \ A grocer drone takes a walk to the sec center.  You know we're not supposed to talk about the information we gathered from mind hacking.  That  I  gathered David. But you're correct. We did sign our digital signatures.  And that's the most important signature there is! His sense of humor almost made sense. Everything David said was literally true but his life was so ironic that it passed off as sarcasm. David's greatest joke ultimately brought tears of sadness to her eyes. Or it used to.. Tell me your best joke again.  I've forgotten to ask you which one was best. It was part of the joke. And so I'll have to ask was it the dolphin fucking one or the one about pool rape?  She played along. Dolphin fucking is pool rape.  I had forgotten. And that was the joke and David was considered a funnyman of the age but she didn't cry. She could see the humor in it this time.  Ah she reached for a smile. So meta.  She started working on a graphic novel.  Lisa had low energy according to the mean docs. She found it was a self fulfilling prophecy and in her haze that evening she was having a hard time downing the DRM.  Already. She was talking to herself.  A. Comic  She was referring to David and wondered where the crush had gone. Down the throat with the DRMs for sure. And the laziness was the mean doc's ideal image of her Lisa Drone. She gave them a fake name like all cyber punks. When they found out her friends and she was just another group of cyber punks the meds went up and the meandocs started watching them with new surveillance systems. David knew. He thought it was her fault. He had a sense of humor about it.  I see the cameras and I don't like them he laughed with James last week at dinner. They both chuckled for a long time like idiots. IIIIIIII wwwwwwwwiiiiiiiisssssssshhhhhhhh IIIIIIII  wwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaatttttttttcccccccchhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeddddddddd mmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyysssssssssseeeeeeeeeelllllllllllfffffffff.  It was horrible. She and David still weren't together. Lisa and David still brought up memories for their friends who couldn't swallow their guilt about the entire situation. James said later that night that Lisa looked much better. James you know I was helping us she had said but was ignored. She wondered if James was a meandoc. He had something against her. They all did now really and that's why she was working on the cyber fi docs. Swallow. Swallow. Swallow. Ddonne. Morning after morning she read magazines trying to take mind hack principles and turn them into cyber punk design potential. Cyber punk design had all the caveats of programming language; she couldn't contradict herself and that became very difficult by the end of the story. In fact that's what had characterized the success of Con Defeat. The main arc of the story was incredibly complex and the hacker who wrote it didn't break any programming rules for the ending. It wasn't up to par with the com gen stories but those were never cyber punk and always hosted online by fashionistas who played by entirely different rules. Meandocs loved com gen stories. They represented a challenge for her.  The first frame was finished. It was a circular head displaying itself in front of the kid coliseum. A new young smiley. A visitor to the games in South America which everyone knew had the gnarliest kid coliseums. The smile was upside down but still looked like a smile in a illusory way and she was proud of the black ink drawing. The text read thus:  The child had never seen murder or trickery. The child was an innocent. The child was sad. The crowds observed the child and thought him a future champion. The child was not a model. The child was an adult robot inside a child suit. Meet The Child. She thought the intro might work. The next frame was going to imitate the fashionista style of counter points which she thought of as lies.  The child was completely human and found comfort in knockingdown blocks. The child was  a future cyber punk. But for now he was his own parent because his parents had died as children in the kid coliseum. His parents were dead. The child was a clone. The child was human.  She smiled. It had the brainwashing sound of fashionista literature. Next was the introduction of the kid coliseum. People love to relearn things and she would introduce the arena as if to someone who had never heard of it. Enormously She chuckled again.  the kid coliseum worked into his spine and filtered his remarkable brainstem. The child had logged in for the first time and felt shaky. He had drank no sugar. He had pounded no beer. He was perfect. But today he was just watching.  This might be up to par with the com gens! she told herself to keep herself motivated and busy. The frame was a spine implant going into the boy. The next one took a while to draw from memory. Several neuron were represented in thick black ink. The child's brain was very active and wise. It had been untouched by the kid coliseum. She didn't feel fear even though any govtype would arrest her on the spot. She had a plan for the next frame something less illegal and closer to cyber punk.  The child wasn't affected by the kid coliseum because the child was part of the kid coliseum. The child was a robot. The child's parents were dead and the fed govs had created him. All praise to the fed govs. She finished the novel the next day. It was marketed for children. She knew they wouldn't notice the frame about praising the fedgovs; that's not how unsupervised children's minds worked. And the adults would skip through the book and read those words and make a purchase immediately. She just had to convince the professionalmen she was a govzone fedman. Or at least a fashionista. David read it.  You'd be better off faking that you're a fash star.  No panic. No anger. She just said They aren't the stars. I know the children are the stars. Yes what do you call them?  The children? Children. You get me.  I got you? He was wearing his tightly fitting orange and blue clothes in the orange and green room and the heat lamp was making everything more orange and she wanted him to leave. It's so hot in here.  Alright I'll unplug the heat lamp. Your personality is changing Lisa. Make another book and try to sell them both. Steve told me he would help you. James is coming over tonight. You have all the support in the world.  Great. I can't wait to have him. She was having trouble breathing but it was nothing.  Yeah I thought you'd like that.  He left for his awesome job and she quit faking they were dating. The meandocs thought they were dating. She put a record on and started with the next graphic novel. When James came over that night she showed him the completed second novel and he liked it a lot.  Hell if you can't fake a fash star you might as well make a few copies yourself and give them to all our friends.  She beamed. She ate. She saw him out. She went to her room.  By ten months those strange men you see in grocery stores will create a rebellion. By twenty months caretakers meandocs will use the camera system to watch us instead of security guards. She finished the third one and called up Steve.  Can you print copies of my novels? She couldn't understand his response only that it was surprise. Can you?  What?  Can you make copies of my graphic novels for all of us?  Only if it's cyber fi. I know a cyber fi publisher. Is it cyber fi?  She cocked her head very slowly..  No. Then I can't. But show me a cyber fi and they'll print it. They love new authors. Are you writing?  Yes. Thank you Steve. Goodbye.   Slow Meta 2   Stoned Taking a long fresh walk could take so much time that she'd miss out on whatever David was doing no matter if she went just to the end of the block and back. She felt a little trapped in the house but it was her own problem. David was being terribly interesting this week. Gggggggggoooooooooddddddddd mmmmmmmmmooooooooorrrrrrrrrnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnngggggggggg he said when he finally was awake.  Good morning she replied.  You're meeting with Sean today. Do you want me to cancel?  No. Great. I love you sweetie. Sean was going to publish her future novels. They loved new authors at his publishing company. The plot wasn't planned out but she hoped to ask Sean for advice on her first cyber fi novel. The main plot device was a computer which simulated reality but she didn't know how many worlds within worlds within the comsim to create. It wouldn't be a hard question for him. She knew the answer was around 3 and it was more of a test than anything. She didn't think he was a professionalman or as David preferred a med dib: medicine distributor. A misnomer for them it was odd he didn't use her word. Most people received magazines or 2D movs from professionalmen and were oblivious to the medicines people like her and the cyber punks were forced to take. They actually thought of the 'zines and movs to be medicine for their trouble. Most middle class neighborhoods were subscribed the exact same material creating little teams of families from different areas.  The middle class were some of the most privileged people in the country. The cyberpunks were recognized as being a higher class because they were capable of faking it and needed a different type of medicine to function in society. Of course the mean docs and big eaters were even higher class than the cyber punks possibly on some other form of medication subscription or as she suspected those two groups were the top of the ladder and made medicine for themselves. She hoped Sean was a big eater. She had been reading cyber fi to get prepared. This weekend she would try finish the novel; it would be longer than the ones she had been making.  David was playing around with the DRMs today. I'll have five I'm feeling rather ill he said but smirked. He was doing this for the mean docs. Of course it was impossible to communicate with the security system so he was entertaining her by making her guess the real motivation for it. He gave it away rather quickly. I just want to get high really. Monotone. His sense of humor was edgy and she was sure they were stars for the mean docs. She played along once more.  Oh I'm sure you're just saying that for the security systems. You don't have to act like an addict. You don't feel well and that's all there is to it. They shared a muted laugh. But dear I've been classified as a Type 1 Addict. The motivations unknown by me will surely be understood by the. . . What do you call them? A drop in a her stomach. He didn't include her in his jokes.  Mean docs.  He may have been making fun of her but she didn't care.  Yes the mean docs. Perhaps you're feeling ill? Will you take five too hon?  Of course she wanted to. Yes.  It was this kind of behavior that got them in the mean doc system in the first place. The only way to fake it anymore with the security system was to make sure the faking led to medicine taking. Lisa still wondered David's real reason for getting high. The medicine was not very good for it. It may have been for Sean. Maybe he was desperate for a game with her.  I think I'll take six she said.  But your limit is seven! Seven then.  Well my limit is five. My personal limit.  They waited for the speakers. Sometimes when they faked it odd mechanical laughter could be heard for half a second or so from the speakers. No sound. He usually had sex with her when there wasn't a sound. I'm proud of you David. I don't have a personal limit because I'm not a Class 1 Addict they had taken their meds when they were waiting for the laughter but it is good for yyou to care so mmuchh abouuuttt thheee meannnn ddooccccs ppllannns fffoorrr. . .  Uuuuuuuuuuussssssssss.  It was frightening taking so much medication for her. David really was more of a user even before he was zoned a Class 1 Addict.  Living in America wasn't a free decision. Lisa had heard that in other countries the early surveillance systems were still in place and most people lived like stars in a movie. No mean docs just crowds of grocer drones. Third world countries couldn't produce sov bombs with no big eaters or mean docs. Large performances would be held in protest some violent in city streets. Hackers like David had downloaded the data and created little movs using all the cameras sometimes from very odd angles. The govzone fedmen of that country would face all the cameras towards the performance and even had large stages set in  cities to host them. Some of the best movs of the century were created by hackers but only  cyber punks cared about watching them. David unloaded a file of a newer one and put it on the 2D screen in the kitchen. Chowing on eggs he started commenting out loud. The ninth installment of the revolution nobody saw. Sequel after sequel filmed in the same Nicaraguan platform; only a few hackers saw this one. Of course every federal government on the South American continent saw and had a good laugh. We can't even sell this one to med dibs for plot ideas. He added Truly a desperate situation then faked that he was trying to hold in the laughter from his joke. Wasn't this one a farce?  Yes. They knew the med dibs quit buying their shows and had a laugh. A hateful rebellious laugh still. It's quite complex really. They all were. Nicaraguan Rule 9 was sketched as a cccccccccccooooooooooommmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddddyyyyyyyyyyyyy however.  A comedy with shooting?  It's one of the most brilliant I've ever seen. Just very dangerous to distribute.  What were the others ones like? In Nicaraguan Rule 1 fifty people lined up to get shot by the same person voluntarily. The last one died five hours into it because the shooter was telling the story of his country from as far back as modern history could reach. And when he killed the last one identified as no more important than the 49 citizens behind him the leader shouted 'I am president elect!  This seemed to make her sad but she wasn't sure.  He's the star of each new episode. It's hard to keep him alive but they have some mafiosos organizing the whole thing now. Very pissed off mafiosos.  Because they're not making any money?  Exactly. And what do mafiosos do?  Protect fed govs?  Yes in America. Not in Nigaragua. The mafiosos hired the fashionista for the rebellion. It's looking like the fed govs are giving in and Nicaragua is going to become fashion capital of the South American continent. And then we'll have entire neighborhoods in America looking like Mexican gangsters. It was important he said Mexican for the mean docs. I'd say it was a better governmental system if I wasn't high right now.  That triggered the speakers. No sex tonight.  Then why is nobody buying the movs? Isn't that pissing off the mafiosos?  It's all a ruse. The mafiosos will get so angry that any of of these sequels could be a real coup. They'll replace the current fed govs in Nicaragua with fashionistas.  That sounds very entertaining.  It is. Or it was until the govzone fedmen in America started censoring the data. It's some of the most expensive entertainment in the world and the Nicaraguan rebels know it. It's like their gold except it's essentially priceless. The first one was a core dump of governmental history and drama. Americans could be watching and reading about the history of Nicaragua in 'zines and movs for a long time. It will be Americanized and we're guessing from Nicaraguan Rule 9 hilarious.  Good. I love comedy. Especially fashionista comedy.  He raised his voice. Better shut up bitch!  Hmm?  The mov's about to start. The speakers groaned.  A two dimensional man wearing a wide brimmed hat busted through a doorway with a machete.  He started running along a white hall with another door at the end of the hall with weapon raised . After blazing forward twenty feet he was shot by an invisible gun. The screen switched to a large image of a man wearing a blazer and booty shorts sitting over a salt shaker cam. He was the shootera large sniper rifle was propped against his leg. Begin Nicaraguan Rule 9! Thou shalt not murder.  David piqued up. He's playing God! Oh ha ha.  I wonder which commandment he leaves out.  You already picked up on that? he said.  Mind hack principles taught me to be perceptive.  The man with a sniper arose from the table and walked slowly down the hall to the door. When it opened he didn't allow the camera to see the intruder. Ripping open his jacket he launched two knives through the threshhold. Thou shalt honor thy mother and father!  David That one was insane he always mentions his parents were killed by an invisible US soldier.  Ah. When does this get funny?  The hero approached the man whom he sniped and offered his hand. The man had been shot right below another camera and it could be seen now that he was not dead. He accepted the help and rose. They walked arm and arm through the door at the end of the hall. A white light sillhouetted their bodies and they went outside. The camera lingered on the hallway with both doors open one to the inside and one to the outside.  That was sweet.  Keep in mind it's been predicted these movies will make Nicaragua one of the richest countries in the world when it all blows over. He shut the mov program down. We can't watch the rest of it with Sean coming over. He might not be able to handle sensitive information. Like I said this information is extremely valuable.  OK Commander.  Cccccccccccoooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrr?  She kissed him. He went for it. Yes baby. You're the best govzone fedman ever. Why can't we just watch it?  Because I hacked millions of dollars worth of software just to download these movs illegally.  But what's Sean going to care. . .?  Sean? We barely know him! It sounds like you're cheating with him by that tone of voice anyway. Do you two know each other outside of your second degree of separation through James?  Maybe the two of us do.  Does he care if you have sex with young hackers in your free time?  She couldn't contradict herself in front of the mean docs so she said 'No' and launched into his lap. He stood up out of his chair but she grabbed on. 'The mean docs want us to.'  You sound seriously desperate!  She got off him. I was trying to be funny.  He brushed his shirt like a mime. You're just high. Of course that joke never got old to the mean docs. They had heard the speakers twice today anyway. She knew it was futile. She wanted to ask if he thought meds made men funny and women horny but he was so caught in this weird web of his own hilariousness that it didn't matter. I thought we could cook some food for Sean. We should make a good impression. Apparently you're cheating on me with a CEO publisher.  She snapped her head toward David. Why didn't you tell me he was a big eater?  I didn't want you to get too nervous.  We're meeting a big eater? Do you understand the power of big eaters?  David surreptitiously walked into the nearby kitchen. What did I say about making a good impression? I know this is important. It's for you hun. You could    She lurched towards him a second time and whispered What will the mean docs think?  That I'm selling him a dangerous and illegal mov?  What do you mean?  I'm not going to show him what is contained in  Nicaraguan Rule 9. However I've told him its security level and his head almost exploded over the phone. That's the main reason he's coming over. He had never heard of Nicaraguan Rule 9 but was very pleased I had it. It's worthless to him by the way.  Why is it worthless to a publisher?  He wants it for his own med subscription. The content is unusable to a . . . big eater.  She knew this was true. In fact she knew that any big eater already had a copy of Nicaraguan Rule 9. David was lying. The two o f them were very used to mean doc security.  Sean arrived. Big man. He ate well. There was little conversation. He made small plans with Lisa to see a rough draft downloaded the mov and he left.  He was a big eater. New DRMs came Sunday. It was shaped in tiny foods. Microwavable bacon and Rite Egg and hamburgers and juice boxes. They didn't want to take them. It wasn't because they didn't have the same shape as if they were addicted to that certain mushroom cap of the DRMs. The short way in which the new DRMS squashed a little bit more joy made them indescribably hatable. Multi vitamins? She asked.  No. Bento DRMs. Ah. More sadness. They had to take them. Her novel was coming along. She wanted to include the film Nicaraguan Rule 9 but knew David would protest rightly. If they wanted to survive they could only mention the film to cyber hackers and big eaters. She wanted Sean to come over again and remembered what David had asked about cheating. They weren't really in a relationship but things would really have to fall apart for her to have sex with anyone else. It was a secret they weren't together a semi dangerous game they played for the mean docs. The real danger was if she had kids. Of course they would have to register the pregnancy and probably would be relocated forever to a truck farm or a facility where cyber hacker children raised by the kid coliseum pwere eventually trucked to gas mining or miltiary zone locations to live the rest of their lives until they escaped. Usually an escape required follow through from a big eater or fashionista or even mafioso; otherwise they'd get arrested and taken to a pris zone.  David and Lisa's escape had been on account of talent. The mean docs actually freed the two themeslves.  Drawbacks: DRMs and mean doc surveillance. It wasn't that bad until the DRM stacks overtook their senses and their talents became useless. This would result in a transfer to pris zone because the DRMs and their lifestyle was essentially illegal. During the times when they became too drugged to function they had to fake that they were taking the medication but not take the medication. She hated the harsh dive into reality then super reality. Reality she could handle. It reminded her of how sov bombs must live. Peacefully. After a few days the crystal clear perception wore off and the world became a very big mess.  They would make that dive next week. David had already mentioned issues with focus. Slipping out of the DRM headspace was like having a swollen brain or a distended sense of time and space. The brain compensates by becoming overactive when on DRMs and if they're taken out of the psychotrpic valley it's like having too much coolant in the skull. The stuff freezes and comes out of the ears like old stalagtites finally removed from a cave and in their stead are cold holes filled with anxiety and hyperactivity. She thought of the consciousness manipulation with real fear because what was she after all but a consciousness?  Predicting a bad bout of DRM suffocation when they would quit taking them because the DRMs were easy to kill like brain cells David was loading up on jazz and other complicated type of music to keep his brain active. Lisa liked to listen to this music when off the DRMs because it occassionally seemed to give her a glimpse of a world before mean docs and fashionistas. In this world she could fly and swim and be happy even if she was a little oversensitive. Food helped but they couldn't eat much more than normal or the mean docs would get suspicious. They finished Nicaraguan Rule 9. It seemed like mostly a celebration with no killing or heroism. David said Nicaraguan Rule 10 could possibly be the last one before the government takeover. They lived like the generous donors they were for that week. Sunday morning came again and they pawed the DRMs into their cheek to get pushed into the bathroom sink later. The unthinkable happened Sunday night.  A mean doc came over. He was enormous and most definitely a mean doc because of his red attire. Perfectly nice he could have also been a govzone fedman that is a mean doc with higher authority than simply the surveillance team. He was going to give them a test. The written test was very long and they felt enourmously lucky to be off the DRMs. 1. What is the desired color of the sky? 2. What must avoid water? Name 3 industrial examples. 3. What year did an American buy the first television? 4. How many wars have been initiated by other countries since 2020?  etc... It was the verbal test that proved most challenging. If I were to tell you I was a news reporter what news story would you want me to report?  If you became famous how would you support China?  What's the earliest memory that has an influence on who you are as a person today?  David was an expert at these. Lisa because she wasn't on the DRMs felt very confident in both of their answers except the last one.  If a publisher came to your house would you ask them to leave?  Of course they both said yes. The fact that Sean was a publisher wasn't supposedly known to them. The surveillance was completely ignored by mean docs in person even though cameras as large as a thumb could be found tacked to the walls. When he left David re adjusted the salt shaker cam and said Boy I felt like I was in high school again.  What do you mean? Lisa asked.  Filling out answers giving my responses.  Did you like high school? She asked.  Tough to answer. Is this part of the test?  No.  Not that my answer would've changed. But yes I did like high school.  Their loft seemed shamefully bare and exposed without the DRMs. Hard edges and harder shadows. It really made them depressed. Sean couldn't ever come over again because when the mean docs let on they know something about something they usually do. They braced themselves for a few more days of reality then super reality or highly sensitive mania until their brains cleared out the DRMs. Sean called. David apologized. Sean insisted on coming over. David said tomorrow in the morning. This better be worth it David said. Slow Meta 3   World building So you two are getting off the DRMs?  David jumped. Jesus Christ! Then added What the hell are you talking about?  You've been taking medication supplied to you by the government called DRMs and you've recently decided to quit taking them?  Medicine? From the government?  Good job David Lisa thought. My turn. He means the mean docs.  David was furious for a second then controlled himself. Oh the mean docs? He sounded hysterical. Yes and the professionalmen. Lisa smiled. Gotcha! Sean told David to sit. If you're getting off the DRMs you might die. Did you know that?  Only Lisa could respond. If you're a mean doc we have to tell you everything. Are you a mean doc?  Sean seemed confused. No.  Then please leave. Lisa was almost as alarmed as David but knew she could handle a situation like this better than he. She seemed to improvise a fake plan better than David who honestly spent a lot of time memorizing what he was going to say.  I would feel obligated to leave if you asked me to. However I have a mushroom cap of a chemical very similar to the DRMs that can help you with the consequences of quitting your stack.  David was genuinely offended. As if we would take any drug you gave to us!  I'm going to mail you the substance. It should come in the same tube the DRMs come in and you shouldn't receive any DRMs tomorrow. Trust me on this. Take the medication. I'm worried for your health. He rose from his own chair. And Lisa I trust you're still working on the book for me?  She didn't answer. When he left they had nowhere to hide. They knew the cameras saw the conversation between them and Sean and considering they couldn't re record anything for the mean docs they only hoped that the same denial by the mean docs of surveillance would help them. Maybe Sean knew something they didn't. Maybe he was a mean doc hmiself. A new regimen would make sense coming from the government as he so candidly said. That was fun! Of course David was faking it. He should come over more often. Do you like him? This was a loaded question.  Yes very much.  They couldn't mention what he said about the DRMs and had no idea what would be coming in the mail the next day. They were blue.  And they were taken with regards to the regular DRMs in a fashion out of sync with reality.  Mushroom caps of new DRMs were soft gelling in their esophagus and David felt much better and Lisa was exuberant. The test they had taken the day before was the topic of conversation and Sean wasn't on their minds. They weren't high on the new DRMs. They were simply grounded in a reality that seemed to them the closest thing to a normal way of being than they had experienced since very early childhood. She had answered the question about early memories with a story about losing her mother and father. What really would affect her the most was the pre conscious state of being that she was always looking for again; the clear reality of what she was experiencing right then.  The color of the sky should be blue she thought. But it was orange. And she had answered orange. And she was terrified of that. David was on the computer. She went to the grocery store alone.  She heard from a book that someone once said in the future everyone will be famous. How could anyone be famous with so many drones walking around? Grocer drones skater drones family drones truckdriver drones office drones. They didn't notice her yet she knew she should stand out being alone. The effect was that they were so absorbed in their own lives they couldn't let anything penetrate them. Is that how people became famous: to themselves?  She was bagging rabbits lettuce when the new DRMs started intensifying.  She realized she was famous as a drone as all drones were famous as drones. The cameras watching her celebrated their public duty invisibly cheering them all on to become world famous movie stars. Lisa was very aware of every movement of her body even more so than she was aware of the dull nature of everyone surrounding her and prickly hairs on her neck told her she was being watched more closely than the others.  But it was the blues. And for a split second she hated the red DRMs and the mean docs and grocer drones.  Maybe she was questioning the possibility of staging her own coup.  She took her car by the hospital and set her eyes on the windows opening and shutting as people died and were let into rooms. She came to the hospital because the sick and dying were some of the most free people in America. Freedom from the mean docs could be found if she could just answer the questions the right way and be released. She longed for another test and her longing seemed to float its way through those hospital windows.  Like the speakers from her loft her car began to create vocal sounds. Alarmed she turned the engine off but the sound kept buzzing through.  It is a curve ball. Loaded. Ready to tear into your gut. It's a machine trudging along.  She jumped out of her car and began to call David on her cell.  It's astronomical. Brain. Heart. Bone. Forget those things you're watching life unfold.  Putting herself back into the car not reaching David she decided to drive home because the mean docs had obviously changed tactics again and this is what she heard:  Reach for the stars feel the dust on your fingers. I can feel the dust right now falling from my hands as I push into the of a pillow fish in the aquarian sky. The stars are that fish's eggs strewn about by my hand. We're taking you to the base Lisa.  She kept driving home.  Answer one question Lisa. What's the one way to get out of your life in the loft with David?  She said nothing. The voices were coming from the insides of her vehicle.  The answer is to play God.  She was running out of gas. She slammed on the breaks and cursed trying to take the car to the right side of the road. She couldn't see well. Objects were different colors than they used to be and she was becoming more and more detached from her body. She became very afraid she would be pulled from her warm muscles and frame and watch herself collapse on the ground from above. Sean rescued her.  He left her car and her cellphone by the side of the road and carried her to his truck. He drove to the nearest gas station and splashed water on her face. Wake up!  Nothing seemed right.  We're taking you to our base Lisa.  She was dazed. Was it your voice through the speakers? she asked.  There weren't any speakers. We were communicating telepathically to you.  Still confused she did manage to show some hostility. What the hell were you thinking coming to our house talking about the government? Who the hell are you? Are you one of David's friends playing tricks on us like mean docs? Are you a mean doc?  If you're referring to the government officials who monitor your daily life then no. I am not a mean doc Sean said. I am CEO of a nearby publishing house. We want you to write stories for us. We've seen the footage. You're classifiably a social expert. We need you.  He really was a big eater.  She had so many questions but she was too out of it to make any come together. Except one. Why us? ? It's really just you Lisa. David can be useful if you decide to use him. However you don't have to go back to him if you don't want to Sean said. You have a lot of decisions to make. We're creating another world Lisa with people like you at the center. The only freedom we've managed to achieve is in our own minds and so the government has been drugging us. The mushroom caps I sent you put your mind into a normal place. The hallucinations you were experiencing will subside. So what do you want to do?  Lisa had no idea what she wanted to do. Could she really leave David? Pangs of remorse for her partner in crime were drumming inside her. She was very attached to him with all of his idiosyncracies. Those were to be expected with cyber hackers. But was she different than him? More versatile perhaps and definitely not as hilarious. It hurt to think of that and to think of what David would say if she was really thinking about how funny he was when she could be freeing herself.  She said O.K. and the voices started coming back...  Take it slow Meta. You might be God now. Have mercy on us all. Nation breaker out.  It hit her then.  She was a sov bomb!   Rinaulde has been focused on social media for several years. First inspired by healthcare marketing he eventually moved on to working with small businesses to increase their appeal. He loves it when people ask him to make it viral.   Starting out Welcome to Facebook. Now what? Your business needs to schedule posts but you don't know which service to use and you don't know how much it costs. Hopefully this book will guide you in the right direction to solve problems that will come up in your social media business world. I recommend Sendible by the way. You have questions about what control you have over posts on your page that customers see. You're pretty sure you can delete them but need to know for sure. Turn to the Customer Interaction chapter to get your answer.  You may learn that you can delete those comments.  You understand how to use Facebook Twitter Tumblr Pinterest and Instagram but you need a broader understanding of social media theory to develop your campaign. The revolutionary The Big Picture chapter will help with answering your questions. You will really be surprised what you can do online. The very first thing you need is a marketing outline for all online goals. A quick brainstorm session can produce one. An outline may look like this:  1. Post ideas  a We need your help filling tables I increases involvement  b competition details 2. Goal in profits  a eighteeen thousand dollars 3. Goal in visitors  a 2000 followers  b 10000 uniques 4. Websites a Tumblr  b Twitter Already this business owner has a plan. They're going to use Tumblr and Twitter to promote their business; they have a moderate goal of 2000 followers; and they even already have a few posting ideas. Great!  Now what? You're going to want to find software to automatically update your sites. I've mentioned Sendible and that's the best choice for most people's needs. Another option is to hire a social media expert to post on your behalf regularly. This takes away all the effort in posting and sometimes you may not even have to create the content yourself. It's worth it to let a marketing expert guide your postings. Scheduling posts over a long period of time increases the perception of company involvement. Posting at least once a week lets people know: Hey we exist and we are hear to listen and share the wonderful world of social media with you. After all there's only one internet. Being social is a necessity. Analytics are tools that monitor visitors and posting success. You'll want to use Sendible's analytics feature to get this information. After a while statistics will be created which show whether or not your campaign is working. Which sites do you need to sign up for? All of them! Don't worry you don't have to post in all of them: one tactic is to leave a link on certain sites to the active website. Or on inactive websites to include contact information but no regular posting or posting at all. Some prefer this minimal approach. This book isn't about taking the minimal approach. It's about pushing the joystick all the way forward on your business and finally finding success online. So I recommend making regular posts on all the websites. How?  Brainstorming!  Brainstorm online! Use Google Drive to collaborate on a brainstorming document. Create a flow chart for the user experience as discussed in a later chapter or make a huge list of all the posts you want to make. Ideas that you need to jot down include workable contests image motifs ways to give the customer a voice etc. Brainstorming is the most energy consuming part of any social media campaign and good brainstorming will separate your campaign from the rest. All of your ideas are birthed in the brainstorm. It's up to you to bring them to fruition online. And that takes a lot of confidence and skill to pull offwithout ruining your brand that is.1  Whosoever gets the most accurate transformation from a brainstorming session to actual online content will be the most successful. The purest ideas are the ones you need to preserve and not muddle them up with second guesses or workarounds. By the end of this book you won't have to second guess yourself and you'll never have to ditch an idea because you don't know how to do it. All things are possible on the internet!  Set a high enough goal to keep you motivated and begin. A good goal is around 10 times your initial user base. So if you have 100 likes on your Facebook page already you should shoot for 1000 more for your newest campaign. Sendible analytics won't meter your actual profits or sales so be sure and set up a way to monitor actual profit increases as a result of your campaign. That way you'll know how much good you're doing. Hire experts.  They help and hell they need jobs. For many people social media is second nature. Hire these people! Use them for brainstorming and analytics results. Let them teach you what they do so you can do it yourself eventually or have some idea of what's going on online. The best way to find an expert is to go to your nearest university and place an ad for very eager computer science majors to take over your Facebook. They're on Facebook already so getting paid to do it is that much more appealing.  College students are wonderful. They form into cliques and if you get one clique to like your pages the other cliques will follow. Facebook was originally intended just for college students and college students should be a major part of your social media marketing plans. If you don't live in a college town find students online. The internet is to bring people from across the world together and college students understand that even if you're not in the same area you can work around your difficulties using the right tools.  Skype is useful if you're employing college students. They love to communicate this way and will be more likely to open up and share their ideas. Once I was interviewed by you guessed it a college student. The interview was never posted on the internet. Why? Because she needed guidance from a real solid business mind. She had forgotten to pay for her domain name the website url and the interview was never seen. It's impossible to know many people would have benefited from watching the video. Be careful with college students. They're busy with schoolwork friends and partying so you're going to have to really nag. You might get lost occasionally like these gentlemen.The puzzle pieces of social networking sometimes don't seem to fit together even with site linking and other meta options. Google won't help with marketing. It takes experience and know how to succeed. And of course this book.           Two men     Get involved  But not too involved!  Getting involved just the right amount is important. You can be too close to customers too far away or just right. If you're too distant you don't get the penetration or brand impact you need. If you're too friendly you could actually get sued for slander!  An easy way to maintain just the right amount of involvement is through competitions. A competition will keep you in touch with visitors and the winners will be made into an example of real people your business loves. Another positive thing you can do is offer a short list of business specific advice. Giving away insider information is a great way to build loyalty. If a person is trolling or bothering everyone on your site it helps to have some kind of moderator to handle the situation. Hire one. Or moderate your online presence yourself. To have a positive site there needs to be a community goal. It can be to raise funds for cancer research or even to come out with a new product. It has to be something that keep everyone productive and offers a reason for your site to exist. One really impressive tactic is linking multiple sites together for a single goal such as finding lost kittens or raising money. People notice that sort of thing and it looks like you care that much more. Quiz your customers. Take note of their desires. This is one benefit of creating a social media presence in the first place. Don't just ask about how to improve your Facebook or Twitter accounts but take that opportunity to get information on what customers think of your entire business. Create and promote events. A history of activities looks great on a Facebook profile. Your campaign is like a political movement. You need to be active in making progress on your goals or other businesses will get customers' votes. Make them vote for your website. Try to win a best online presence award even if you don't know if you'll ever win. Stay competive with yourself and keep the workplace competitive. It helps to have a third party to settle disputes. Sometimes its the social networks creators sometimes it's users taking the lead: you just have to know that you won't have a hand in solving every community problem yourself. Be open to others' ideas. Really pay attention to your users. Select a customer of the month. Promote their sites in your feed. You want your brand opinion to matter. Creating brand opinion is useful for building a community. It shows when a customer agrees with the opinion of the owners of the business. Try to avoid politics but make sure you're all on the same page with important topics and knowledgeable about the subject at hand. Make blog posts. Your brand opinion will be created out of this. User visits will go through the roof if you hire quality writers to get the job done. Tell them to make it viral and hopefully your site will go viral. There are websites everywhere for sharing links. Make your sites the links that are shared. The holy grail of social media is to be the first reason a user signs up for a website. Getting your customers who wouldn't normally be online involved is desirable. The customer will always remember your site. It's important to encourage customers to use social media websites in the first place. Think of yourself as having an online jersey. This is your brand identity and your fans are rooting for you! The more fans you have the more sponsorships you make. And the better you do the more fans you have. If you think of social media as a sport it correctly identifies the area as being highly competitive. You'll need sports drinks and exercises to succeed. These are your Sendible tools and brainstorming. Keep in mind the total project and your sites will be  coherent all the time. Make a personal impression and your users will recommend you highly. Pretty soon your fans will form a fan  club. Be sure to include a link to that! Occassionally mention your fans' pages and keep up with their blog posts. You could be content king but if you don't have re visitors your words will be useless. Break the ice. You're forming a lasting relationship unless you ruin your brand that will turn out to be very profitable for you in the long run. So take it slow. Build confidence don't take it all at once. Show your competence on a wide range of online topics. This means knowing how to use sites and how to have off topic conversations with users. Don't let incompetence get in your way. Learn the ins and outs of the community.  Re tweet. This is a great idea for getting involved. Re tweet posts that are relevant to your business. But not the competition! You don't want to direct users and potential customers to other  accounts. Keep it within your own community. Encourage users to get involved. The more people getting involved the better. Make sure users can stay active in the community by leaving open ended posts which ask a question or demand some other form of response. Make sure your employees are sharing your social media sites on their personal ones. Make sure you're not linking to any competitor's websites.  Double check work that your employees do online. Make it a rule that they have to update you if they update the site. Stay involved and you will find more success and have more profitable fun than ever.  Social Media theories Bridging the gap You may have noticed some people are online and some are not. You might have been the one who was not online in the past. This divide between users and non users is the crux of social media marketing. After all if your customer doesn't get online you'll have no benefit from a social networking site. This is why you must encourage customers to USE THE INTERNET. Something else you may have noticed about Facebook and other sites is that your brain doesn't want to focus on any one thing. It's really like watching television used to be. Creating a site with a slower pace can help get people's attention but that can be a catch 22. Make your site interesting enough and your users might slow down enough to soak in real information!  Does social media marketing make a difference? Some argue that social media has very little effect on the outside world which is an arguable point. Social media theories help explain these types of online mysteries. Take your leaders your followers your idea makers and your consumers and put them all online. What happens? Social networking. Does social networking replace the real world accurately? Most would say no of course. However social aspects are even MORE realistic online than in person. The influence a single word can have on a conversation is much greater and the potentia for expressing longer more complex ideas can be better.  Knowing the strengths and weaknesses of social media is key for maximizing success. One thing that won't work is posting about just your product over and over again. People want to read blogs and get involvednot receive the same information they already have. The web at the bottom of the page is a good example of how we can thinking about social media. Replace the words with parts of a website and you're looking at exactly what composes your marketing campaign. You'll find that like sea turtles your success is endangered when you don't have an understanding of how sites work together to link up and crosspost each other. Look at the big picture.  Experts say that friends on Facebook form into tribes. Connect to as many of these tribes as you can by finding the leaders of certain groups. This is easier on Facebook but can be possible on twitter Tumblr and Instagram. The tribal nature of online communication is proof that social media is becoming ubiquitous and human. We're assimilating the most important parts of our culture with social networking. Looking at this picture we can predict what happens next: 1 Social networking tribes will turn into social networking states. Each social networking site will focus on a specific group of people either by interests employment race or geography. 2 Social networking will make its way into schools. Social media will be a necessary format for controlling students and helping them learn.  3 Social networking groups will become political entities. They will advocate for a certain topic or influence the government in more and more complex ways.  4 Friendships will be online. Like the pen pal of old social networking allows for long distance relationships. What will happen is that instead of finding out our world is very small we will learn just how diverse it is. Being in social media is key. The more experience you have the easier it is to reach your goals online. Social media will eventually have patriotic aims. The best social media stars from each of the first world countries will compete in glorious flame wars. These wars should replace actual wars. Alternatively this will happen so far in the future that any other wars will be faught by robots. This is why it's so important to get an edge in social media. Your sites represent the country you live in the very apex of first world achievement. If you're not cut out for it you're letting us all down. Having an edge means not letting your site be controlled by the government. The FBI and CIA run Facebook but not Twitter so it's actually quite difficult to escape their influence. The best thing to do is cooperate. Mentioning the police will result in immediate flagging of your account. Most behaviors will eventually get your account flagged actually. Don't worry about it just be prepared to change brand identity if you get into trouble. Don't mention you have far reaching sociological power and you'll stay out of the government's evil Sauron eye. If your users are coming to you out of fear of being monitored it's the government.  If your users are complaining of strange people posting on their site it's the government. ...etc  Social medias usefulness to the business is only out matched by its usefulness to the government. Essential tips  For workng the system   If you know what spam is you know that being caught as a spammer can be very bad for your business's image. That's the tip: don't get caught spamming. Sometimes you don't even have to use spamming tactics. If you have a unique enough brand you'll be on the first page in the search engines anyway. But if you're surrounded by competitors you'll need to write fake reviews of your products link to your blog in comments on different websites set up an email system for keeping in touch with users etc. If you know your user base very well you can sometimes post a controversial opinion to win loyalty. This is a good way to get on a gov't watch list however. Be opinionated sparingly. To make a viral post you'll need to be creative. Pay most attention to the user experience and create an immersive environment for a viral post. For example make users follow a series of links or use an infographic to garner attention. Post music. You can't lose by posting classic rock.  Try waiting before leaving a comment. Let users communicate first then make a comment. Comments are made for users not business owners and its best to avoid using them. Use a wide variety of services like Kickstarter and Foursquare. Your customers will respect your ubiquitous internet competency and you'll be able to find even more customers eventually. Your avatar is the representation of your online persona. Outside of social media you are your own avatar. On the internet the public entity which you control is your identity. It's important to recognize that you're using an avatar to promote your brand. If you know this you will be able to focus on the brand and not just the avatar to improve results. The avatar is your profile information and the voice with which you post. It is also your online handle.  Try using multiple avatars!  Generally keep your avatar the same throughout a single campaign. Improve your avatar's image by including a positive background or history of the persona. Separating your real life avatar from your online one helps users process your brand in their minds and will help keep you more sane. When the line is blurred between real life and online your performance will suffer. This also shows a lack of social media aptitude which will reflect poorly on the brand's image. Simulate real life conversations by asking questions.  The ultimate goal is to make your sites a hangout. By asking good questios you will create an interactive environment. On the flip side always provide an opportunity for users to ask you questions. Use an AMA Ask Me Anything form on Tumblr or create opportunities for interviews online. Never hide behind a mask of mysteryyour customers want to imagine cool people behind the brand. Bridging the gap isn't just getting involved in person. Onlin interactions are easier for many people. By making an environment best suited for those types of people you will bring users out of their shell. By involving more reclusive users to come to real life events you're creating trust and adding an extra layer of loyalty.  It would be nice to create a social site that allows for self expression from all users. However you can only hope to strive for that and can't expect every user to be a social butterfly. Although the social butterflies will improve your image as well. All business owners run the risk of garnering attention from the police. If this happens you can hope that the influence of authority stays as local as possible.  Some people are chosen to be controlled by the government occassionaly based on merit. That is the more resources understanding and creativity a user has the more likely they will be targeted for controlling. It's a bipolar existence that can last for the rest of the user's life. Be aware of this happening to you. Signs  that you're being controlled include having bipolar moodsbecause the government controls your moodand having social anxiety. I can't stress enough how important it is to stay under the radar from authorities or even devote a separate time to appeal to them apart from your major campaigning. Essentially every brand must pass through the gauntlet of tests for keeping an online presence. This includes dealing with negative feedback on your opinion or style passing through and accepting government control sharing users information with authorities overcoming brand denial getting the attention you need and even changing your business practices to be more legal. Something many businesses do that's illegal is accidental copyright infringement. Stealing people's ideas can hurt brand identity and get you in trouble. Always get compensation from users who steal your own ideas and always make sure your posts are labelled as copyrighted. In the future moods and thoughts will have patents and copyrights as well as human genes. You must master the area of copyrights management to get ahead in this ever changing world.     Avoiding conflict  Trouble finds success A good way to sequester violent arguments is to keep the content of your sites uncontroversial. If an incident does occur try to delete the posts or ignore the incident entirely. Fights and disagreements could be the death of your brand.  Try to contain all controversial topics to a certain area of your site. This makes trollers into clownsand everyone's happy. They just need the attention and that's what you give themoutside of the main content.  The greatest battle will be the fight for your own mind. Social networking is very bad for the brain. It's too impulsive too unpredictable too stressful. Your online habits should reflect healthy attitudes or you could develop a mental illness.  Stress is the killer so maintain detachment and avoid scandal. Colloquial speech can be used to comfort users and maintain the peace. Type your responses in the regional dialect to build trust and switch to colloquialism at the first sign of trouble.  There is such a think as social media disastr and you can avoid one the following ways:  1 No controversy 2 Vanilla flavor opinions 3 No positive reinforcement 4 Maintain a universal online presence 5 Hire moderators 6 Create a notice that certain behaviors will not be tolerated. And finally... 7 Don't sell an evil product. That's the best way to stay out of trouble!  Re: drugs  Illegal criminal activity always will find its way to your page especially if your market is the counter culture. If someone comments on your site with the claim that humans need to store up as much meth as possible for example it's best to state your disagreement with their ideas and to avoid government interference try to delete the post.  If your product itself is pseudo legal such as salvia spice or energy drinks you'll need to be especially vigilant. Disclaimers that you won't support illegality might be necessary.  If someone actually breaks the law online try not to get police involved. Delete the comment and tell the user that you cannot support that activity. Ban the user for repeat offences. If you call the cops as they say you will be identified as a potential criminal and possibly get your phone line tapped.  For people who represent theselves falsely and contribute their own spam or flaming you must have a little tolerance. The internet is rife with alternate identities and it comes with the territory that some users will be emboldened by anonymity online and start problems.  Regardles off personal opinion your websites must uphold the law and your persona must reflect abidence by the law. Avoid hacker groups and internet freedom causes. If you're not already on a list you certainly will be for supporting such things.  Using social media can be described as creating campaigns which eventually will be fully monitored by the government. So it's always important to stay neutral for posterity.  Avoid conflict by not promoting debate on your website.  Avoid too many opinion posts to foster a friendly environment. Your personal environment must be beneficial for your own moderating of your website. You may have a hard time moderating from a public computer for example. Keep all records on your personal computer. You can back up your activities for posterity to use in case you are investigated. Although anonymity will be easier to maintain from a public computer so if you're performing advanced moderating tasks you may prefer a public computer.  If anyone finds personal details about your name or location you can call the police or fight back by getting a restraining order. Getting found in real life isn't actually that big of a deal. Police FBI and CIA already have your information and can do more with it than the average user.  Planning your social media day The first post the first day Depending on where you or your users live your social networking day may vary widely. If you live in Chicago for example you'll want to post updates throughout the work week. If you live in a hard working rural region the user won't have access to the internet during the day so you'll be scheduling evening and weekend posts. Try to hold off on your best posts for a time when you have the most users online. Set a Saturday afternoon deadline for your skype even not a breakfast oneno one looks decent in the mornings.  The first part of your first day will be to link your social networking sites together. You'll want Twitter to notify users of new blog posts and Facebook to provide a link to the blog post and contact information on your Tumblr so people can find you on Facebook and Twitter. Once you have everything linked you'll want to GIS Google Image Search for high quality images. Save these on your hard drive to use across multiple sites to keep a coherent image. You may want to search for Astrological symbols if you're a psychic or new electric vehicles if you sell stereos and car equipment. The idea is t find a set of familiar images to keep your social networking sites from being all text and links. By saving the images you're allowing yourself to re use them. Eventually you will have certain images associated with certain kinds of posts. This is a good thing! It will help users become more comfortable with your sites. After you find your images you'll want to schedule a few blog posts. Pre write your blog ahead of time and post them later using Sendible. The longer you wait the more you can hype oup and market your posts in the meantime.  A blog post should have a subject that is relevant to users. It needs to be in an acceptable voice with exceptional content. Plan at least two blog posts ahead. You want people to subscribe to your RSS feed and then you want your latest post to be in their inbox. Postponing and planning your blog posts allows you to focus on the most important part of your social media plan: marketing. It gives you more time to make a more focused marketing effort.  After you schedule a blog post go ahead and make a tweet about it.  Next week's healthcare rundown is going to be great! Check it out at www.astrazeneca.com/rss  You're already building interestthe right way.  If you linked your accounts your Facebook should have updated with your tweet. On Tumblr give your users some content they can ingest immediatelychoose one of the images you found earlier.  Look! Your first comment! That wasn't so hard was it? You can get by spending just a half hour or less online and if you plan a week ahead you can get everything done at one time per week. The more you're online the worse people's perception will be of you. You must not work very hard! So carefully plan a few posts with Sendible and logout.  You should do some personal networking in your free time. LinkedIn is good for building business relationships. Don't mix personal and business social media sitesthat's guaranteed to be a mistake when your business goes under. Unless you're very experienced you shouldn't relate your personal life with your business life online.  Campaign ideas  For the SM start up  Of course the basic unit of Social Media spunk are the posts. But a campaign is more than the sum of its parts. Make sure you plan arcing strategies that builds to something that's either an event or a coupon or a product release. You want users to know that you as a company are looking at the big picture as mentioned in the chapter Social Media theory.  You may not have an attention span of more than 2 or 3 months; that's OK because neither do your users. You want one campaign to last about that long and not longer. Think of it as a Kickstarter project: you only have so much time to raise funds. If your users know when the campaign will be over they'll be even more excited to get involved. You may want to host a competition. You may want to alter a product. You may want users to buy a t shirt. Or write a review of your book. Whatever the goal is you only have a few weeks to get to that end and if the user doesn't do what you want then you've wasted your time. Taking posts and making them into a persuasive campaign can be challenging. That's why you want to have a content rich pool of resources to fish from. Extra blog posts great images infographics or celebrity contacts will be needed to fill the gap between your post and your goal.  If you want to accept submissions for a competition make sure it's easy to do so. You can embed a Google form into your site very easily and it works great for submissions. Make sure you have an example of the kind of submission you want made by you or a professional that clearly exemplifies the guidelines of the contet. If you find a celebrity to befriend make sure you emphasize your attachment to the celebrity. You don't have to spam them; just Tweet to them once or twice. You'll pick up more followers.  If you're promoting a self published book you have to take into account that reading your book will take a long time and isn't done online. So don't bother your users until they're done reading! Then you can ask for their review. T shirts work great because they mean more marketing power for you plus you may even make a profit from sales although the better idea is to give them away free. That way your brand gets more exposure. Combine two strategies at once: A competition and a t shirt giveaway. An easier way to campaign includes asking a weekly question. Wal mart does this. Spice it up with images! Ask time questions like when will you drink beer next? Or other questions with easy answers users will be satisfied to share. Here's a great idea: embed a coded message in your post that only people who are really paying attention will notice. The added reward of finding something secret will build trust. This attention grabbing image fills the visitor with excitement... Example campaigns Some of the most popular campaigns of all time How can you make your own campaign without examples of ones that got it right? Here are a few of my favorite ones.  American Express  Facebook  The marketers at American Express use the strategy that gifts and bonuses are what makes credit cards great. They offer trips rewards and events throughout the year.  AstraZeneca Careers  Facebook  Becoming a member of the exclusive group of doctors who rule the world has never been easier! Includes job openings day in the life employee blogs and innovative pictures that make you feel more comfortable with these people. Flaming Lips  Twitter  Having a connection to fans like no other band is the Flaming Lips' modus operandi. Being famous doesn't make it impossible to manage a Twitter but the Flaming Lips' whackiness online almost does seem impossible at times. Healthcare  Twitter Facebook  This group has a tough job: managing a population that absolutely hates them and takes it upon themselves to bring them down one comment at a time. They do a good job though it's a full time duty. Healthcare social media is a good example of why you need to hire moderators.Creating the microcosm Link by link representation One thing you want to have when using social media is control and often times short of creating your own bulletin board you won't have total control of the media content and format.  To get control you need to create a functional microcosm  the combination of sites creating a unique social media organism which guides users to its functions. We've all seen the graphs which links everyone to each other through their friends list connection. This is an important way to identify power players in a network. You want to be not the top friend or top user  your goal as a campaigner is to be the top network. A strong network is built through interlocking parts.  First each one of your sites will link to Facebook. Inversely your Facebook will provide links to your other sites. Posts from the other sites should all cross post to Facebook. To separate each site as a unique entity give them each a unique function. Users can then choose which of your sites to use based on what they're interested in. You can use Twitter for conversations Tumblr for blog posts Facebook for viral images Pinterest for direct product advertisement Instagram for employee updates LinkedIn for private messages etc. What you use each site for depends on what type of campaign you need. The point i to use each site effectively without just double posting everything from Facebook. The amount of energy that users will put in your site is based on how much high quality content you provide. Drama reduces interest and compromise rejuvenates it. Inside secrets will attract users across a wide range of platforms. The more you use a site efficiently the better. If you're heavy handed however for example with your boring cross posts interest and loyalty will decline. You're essentially creating a home for the ultimate fan. Give fans something to do and something to think about. Let them discover your social media organism at their own pace.  Keep things edgy. If you need a second account for more risky posts make one. Pretend like the office delinquents run it. You'll find out users have a dark side that loves naughty themes and flame wars. Just try to keep your brand's distance from these sites.  Using your name is a fatal error. You're creating a network  not functioning as a consulting agent. The entity you create will only suffer if you identify personally with your avatar. Keep personal messages on one site. Your Facebook may have your name but of course the Facebook page which you use to promote your business should not. You'll need one common site that isn't so unique. This will harbor your strongest connection to your users. If they can easily copy your technique. then kudos  imitation is the highest form of flattery. Include other networks carefully. They may eventually lead to competitor's sites. Wal mart Red Diamond Iced Tea and Busch Beer don't affiliate with ANY other brands. But their microcosm doesn't have the advantage that yours does: you can micromanage a wide range of social media tools. Facebook for them is a one stop shop. For the SM savvy like us we know the value of having supporting sites. Another option is to get your own url. But do so carefully. Don't duplicate services offered by social media  the more functional your domain can be the better.  Make sure you customize the urls of each of your social media sites as well.   Apps Do you need your own app? Manchurian candidates The wild card in you campaign Government plans And ways to prepare for it Linking up and jacking in The real future of social media Singularity What's the end game? Summarize your main ideas here.  End your e book with a strong concluding paragraph or a Call To Action. In other words what do you want the reader to do after reading your e book: Be informed; Buy a product; Join a cause; Share your e book etc.      List any resources for additional reading or reference such as: White Papers; Recommended E books; Helpful websites etc.  At the end of the Resources section also include the following information if appropriate: Your website URL if any; E mail address; Social media profiles; Phone number etc. .    Hello Thank you for the chance to compete! I worked really hard on the novelette and thought this was a great competition. I don't know what I'm going to do with all of the prize money if I win anything but some will go to the editor of The Cult.  I have a modest proposal for you all. I've been having a hard time moving out because of health issues and it's something I want to do very much. I have always wanted to live somewhere that fits my interests and personality better than where I am now. One possibility is to live in the Paseo Arts District in Oklahoma City. However although I receive a disability check I don't currently have any contacts there or even any chance of being able to afford renting my own house or apartment there by myself. So here's what I'm asking of this community.  Does anyone have any suggestions for how I can get to the Paseo Arts District? Specifically I want to stay there for a summer with no computers or television or anything to absorb the culture of the community and to grow as a person and also to determine if I'm capable of living on my own. What would help is if anyone lives in Paseo and has suggestions for someone willing to have a paying roommate for the summer. Thanks for any information regarding this! And thanks to the mods for the competition.  Since living here in rura America I've picked up a few stories to tell. Here's one of them.  Jerry was responsible for my mom's relocation to rural Oregon. I think they may have had an affair. Jerry wasn't legally married so I can't blame mom who's social awareness doesn't go much beyond lists and laws. When mom came I became afraid she had HIV and opted to be tested myself.  I passed the test and so did she. We had somehow avoided yet another consequence of our addiction to Chem 1. The psychological dependence was easy to control with debian. I wanted to go back to Oklahoma City but new Articles on television had revealed a few things that made it exceptionally difficult to travel. Most humans were clones. There was an uproar across the country. Unbelievably this had zero effect on my outlook: despite being an archetype myself I fully believed in the uniqueness of even the clones. The entire population of my town in Oregon been cold pressed into Chem 1 dependents; we could only hope the mutations caused by Chem 2 would improve comorbidity rates. The organization began research on a kind of cure in which I was especially interested. It was the process of brain imaging. They disovered that one day through brain imaging we could understand addiction more completely. I volunteered immediately for tests. The images came back after two weeks with analysis. Schizophrenic depressed damage from Chem 1 to frontal lobe some additional brain trauma and one very curious patch of activity in the right hemisphere. It seemed that the creative part of my brain was hyperactive because of debian. They said I shouldn't even have any cognitive problems and that my anxiety was simply because I could obviously see the world much much differently than other people. It was the only encouragement I needed to finish writing the memoir of my transformation into an archetype. The title was THE CULT.  THE END Part 1 Chapter 1  I felt everything was in my hands or everyone had found me there and without stopping I said the things they feared most. The fantasy was hers and I shared it with Anne and Daniel and eventually the entire world and none were ready for it except her because it was born of her and she was the messenger not I. There wasn't anything about me that grouped me into a pack or stood out as leadership ability. Before school was over and I met her my interests were useless like folding nicer cigarettes into slinky fingers and smoking them by the lake or intoxicating myself illegally in purposeful increments one beer at a time. The period of joy and happiness I had slipped into was that way because I was lazy and I didn't go to college. Precisely this description of a boy was what she had needed. My birthday was right on and after I guess four years of planning she introduced her sex to me. But this was after I had broken my lazy curfew and driven to the other lake and saw the man get arrested. I heard shouting watched him be pulled to the back of the police car and handcuffed and by the time he was taken to the backseat felt the empty silence again. The lighted vehicle exited. My first thought was that the man had been vacuumed into space. The next time I would remember the incident and think of it as an intense and relevant memory was a few months later when she was jumping into the backseat of a different cruiser. She passed under my arms and out of the scene. That was her totally paranoid exit from the situation she had created at the casino. I never felt safe. When I was seventeen and going to different lakes around the city for fun at night I was located by her and taken into a scenario out of Star Trek or maybe instead Blade Runner. To survive anything I had discovered about myself that summer would need to be forgotten or remembered in the face of death at the last moment. The test was if I had truly enjoyed myself at lakes and on bike rides to the library because to survive I only had to know the meaning of pleasure and not really figure anything out intellectually although that wasn't known to me then and it feels a little ironic that everything would have been over if it had. I was still in high school but had reached the point of apathy where smoking drugs before class seemed acceptable enough and also school was almost over. I took special classes for students with a higher aptitude but I didn't enroll completely in advanced classes because I thought the workload would be too much. Instead I took a basic credit Biology class in the morning which seemed like the main impetus for getting high before school. The class itself was extremely boring. The teacher's daughter was mentally handicapped after a traumatic brain injury sustained in gymnastics. He was a Christian and tried spiritedly to raise awareness for both creationism and TBI accidents. He tied it into biology. Our trek through this comedy drama of life could jump the shark at any moment he said. Later he won twenty thousand dollars on a gay morning talk show. I could see his wife's discomfort when I saw her online. It must have been a terror for them to be on television with an openly gay host. In his lecture about personal health he actually drew a shark on the board and explained what jumping the shark means. It was ridiculous yet I would remember the class with a strong attachment after I met her. Any sense of comedy or drama would be better than the nightmare of her acquaintanceship. In the case of my own television appearance that was explained by the way I was hooked into a brainwashing scandal which amounted to me almost becoming a famous celebrity like any actor you see in a Disney movie or on a stupidly popular miniseries. I guess I look most like Matt Damon but didn't have his stomach. The organization which targeted me was not owned or subsidiary to anything of her status. She was an agent of that group. She had specified what she wanted yes and when she wanted it or him or me. My Mom had gotten the idea to move to the city during her doctorate studies. Macy and other addicts had been met at the shelter where she volunteered. She told me Macy was a good match. Mom had told Macy everything about me. The information was processed quickly by Macy and related to me in the way that superficial facts can be used to arrest one's attention. An illusionist tricks someone with the simplest of distractions and her introduction only needed to feel compete although it was I see now only partial in its understanding of me even though I felt I had found a companion who could see into my soul. I thought she was the person I had prayed for. We seemed an identical match and of course she showed me her astrology companion which confirmed that. Her tarot interpretation was fantastic in its matching of us. Finally the sex rendered me helpless for months of her devices. It was how I was her lapdog her sex monkey. She was forward with her disease which I felt pity for that she was an addict and a user and also she felt disappointed she had hit the pipe again this weekend. She didn't want it to get in the way of us. With Mom working all the time and dad having no time for me being divorced the set up was so contagiously effective that we slept together for four months before I must have lost interest for my own mental health. I imagine somewhere written down a law hidden by the court and the lawmakers illustrated by an officer or other agent that writ our relationship in a few secret sentences that she might call upon should anyone of status else be suspicious. The law would say that we must have been illegal but to keep us out of danger we would be overlooked by the police. We must be combatants on a war on drugs a battle of the mind and by calling attention to ourselves we could free people from use. And she must do drugs and I must do drugs and perhaps even the law would say that we were allowed to manipulate the media to help us in our endeavor. All of this must have been written somewhere because I know she would follow those directions according to her organization. It was inescapable our time together and eight months I spent in her sights until now aboard this aircraft typing it all out. It is the nature of my own devices that I write this with my flat bottom feet. I am honest company and perhaps that shows why I have no friends. The story must be gotten out of the way before I feel safe with anyone else. Chapter 2 She had previous boyfriends and at least one of them dressed very nicely. I was fortunate to be marrying my future with hers. She was 31. Our first physical connection was through a bauble she gave me the first night which I wore around my neck and showed a few people before I lost it and then the hand job and then coitus on my childhood bed in a green bedroom adorned with printouts of her favorite drawings and hanging dresses which I found so remarkable that I with awe asked her where she found them. Her clothier made the corset. My attraction to her was overpowering until that moment of first coitus. I broke into her by lying sideways. I was surprised by the sensation of penetration and I tumbled to the foot of the bed immediately and almost fell off. She thought it was hilarious. Unbelievably I had found a woman of a culture so mysterious that it seemed I had manifested her out of the insanity of my own thoughts which confused me the summer after I graduated. My own fears were both quelled and kindled. The last blog post I made up to that moment mentioned my wariness in a short cryptic update which I had forgotten about until this moment because I feel less overwhelmed now. Then she was my girlfriend. I lost my job immediately. It was naive when I expected to be able to move out of my Mom's and get an apartment with her. Expertly she managed the landlord and I was two days too late to deliver the remnants of my check to that landlord and we didn't get the duplex which I planned to use as a place for us to have sex. Of course missing the lease was a mistake which I told her in arguments was the last time on earth when I had any hope for a good future without exaggerating because I believed everything would have been different if we had gotten the place. She said it didn't matter then and it most certainly did not. Instead we moved in with her mother and four children. And the men and drugs and showers with cameras and backyard death cellars and fences for perching photographers and large windows drug traffic and school busses created of solid bulletproof titanium from the inside out to protect them from explosions. I was the fourth one she had introduced to the stimulant which is called by most people Chem 1. I live now with a prescription to another drug debian. The only time I felt jealousy was with her when she was having sex with Mika in the other room. The conversation between her and him was an unconnected dialogue I could hear lying there adjacent the garage where they were using Chem 1 by smoking it and I'm sure they were so extra human themselves because that's what the drug does Chem 1. He's been taking a ... weed. Don't carouse him. All the people make him afraid. It's been like this for a few days. If he ... nothing then try talking to him about music. I like him. I love him. I was on the stuff myself. Chem 1 wasn't a good drug for me. He thinks he's already dead. I also talked with Jed at the house. Who is to say how long I talked with Jed? On Chem 1 time would pass in intervals that feel the same but are different lengths. Two hours could feel like thirty minutes. He said it was the same with a lot of drugs but it was most noticeable on Chem 1. I asked him how they had all gotten together. He said similar interests then answered more existentially. We were brought together by an idea that the truth is there and you have to work terribly hard to find that out yourself. He picked up a coin from the desk where we smoked. What truth? I said. We don't know that do we? You and me haven't found it yet. We look inside and outside for answers to these basic questions like how will we survive? He rolled the coin across the table. And where do we get more Chem 1? he added. That's a biggie. The addiction is like being mentally sick. If we don't have our medicine we start well obviously seeing stuff and our thinking changes. But I guess it's more like a pain we feel. So it does hurt? I asked. Hell yes it hurts. Your body feels dead he said. Cold and lifeless and your mind perceives it that way. You could do almost anything for a re up. I thought about how the body and mind could feel dead. I had always thought that I would die when I lost willpower and when didn't want to live anymore that's when the clock would start ticking. I occasionally worried about this and it made me very nervous sometimes. I would try to reinvigorate myself or heal whatever life essence gave me the power to survive by managing my perception of myself and trying to get a grip on what risks I was taking at any given moment. These are the thoughts that confused me. Right now the risk felt pretty high. We're all going to die he said. The fact is you can preview death with Chem 1. It is a dead drug. We still all do it but maybe something in the air or water makes us not feel as happy with it as we once did. I wanted to say his tolerance was responsible for that but he seemed to have the conviction that the drug itself was dying. We were both intoxicated with Chem 1 and I sat there and entertained the idea. Maybe Chem 1 had no more resources to survive. Maybe it had been alive once and was dying. I thought wouldn't that be a good thing? It was a horrible drug. In the days leading up to then I had been hallucinating sounds the noises of men on the roof. I also felt like I was in danger although there was no apparent reason to be afraid. The stimulant effect made me feel like the superhero Batman especially in the car where my power over myself seemed total and inhuman. When we would nearly crash the car into the carport upon returning to the house the carport seemed like it was taking the full brunt of my power. The structure was strong but could it withstand the missiles which followed us? The kids went to school in the morning apparently unaffected by our use. I wondered if they felt like superheroes. I used to when I was a kid. Our relationship by the time fall had ended was entirely life long in my mind as if I could die at any moment and the thing that would have defined me was Macy and Chem 1.  Chapter 3  When I awoke she gave me oatmeal the perfect gesture. The marriage was tonight. She said Smith and Angie would be anointed by the archetype Iris after she fitted Angie's dress. I was completely interested and gave her my enthralled look but could not say much. I discovered that night by listening to their conversations that a marriage was a special thing which linked two souls together when they were wed properly. Her children already seemed to know this. The scary part was that two people could be married or linked without them knowing. While this marriage would be unofficial it was special because Macy and her posse knew the correct ritual. And it was extra special because someone called Iris was coming. I waited all day for her to finish the dress so that I could get attention from her. She was extremely distracted. Maybe I was her toy I thought. She was much older than I was and I certainly couldn't be a father. I waited that day for a confirmation that we should continue dating even though I did love her. The occasion of the marriage eventually bored me even with the mysterious promise of Iris. I asked her who was Iris. She said I might find out if I paid attention. That was a little disappointing considering we hadn't had sex for days and I felt intimidated by Smith and Angie. The children were making fun of me. I felt like one of her kids. I've never been a religious person but these two certainly practiced a form of worship. They seemed extremely devoted to the ritual and completely serious about their marriage even though it wasn't legal. Macy explained that it was an act for all of them and I understood because of the Chem 1. In fact this entire household seemed like a bizarre carnival because of that drug. It made us child like and weird especially the veterans who needed it apparently to survive. Several hours before the scheduled wedding a visitor came who appeared to be extremely strong and I was afraid again. He said he had heard that Mika was here. Macy said that he didn't live here. I thought; why not tell him where he lives? But that was the nature of Chem 1. It made us paranoid. Everyone was a potential threat. She saw the man out and I learned later that he was a good guy but didn't do the same drugs as us. In fact he was a captain. His name was Jerry and he was on a different team. Smith and Angie were bonded in marital ceremony at around 7:00. I sat and watched with the kids. I respected the newlyweds' fervor but was somewhat alarmed when Macy asked me to come forward before they said their vows. I lurched upward being high and tried to pretend to hurt myself. I was having a tough time with all my doubt. However she asked me to anoint their marriage myself by wishing them well with all my heart for I was blessed by Iris and could do his bidding. I stepped forward and said nothing. Their laser eyes waited for me and I twisted my body away from them. My head turned towards the ceiling for a few seconds until I finally uttered I bless your marriage with all of my heart. I hope you find happiness in your partnership. Macy was extremely pleased. During the after party which made me feel small and rodent like I started watching her for clues about what had happened and also for cameras. It must have been a symptom of the intoxication. I really wanted out of this situation but couldn't tell Macy because I still was attracted to her. Did she like this drawing? Yes very much. But I was one of her kids not her lover. I became curious about the huge man asking for our captain and planned to go see him sometime. It had seemed like he was riding on a missile the energy he carried was so strong. When I fell asleep I dreamed of robots because that's what the children were watching on television. I really was just one of them. Chapter 4  There was a time when I was away from her due to stress or morbid fear and stayed with my Mom across the city. I cooked food for her children once she moved closer to me with her entire family. She wasn't trying to get closer to me however. There were a few people I visited with during this time and a couple of men I even invited into my Mom's house on the weekends which she was gone. The first man was Jerry the captain. He was from California and had AIDS. He knew all about weed and unfortunately I must report that he was not on the proper medicine and treatment for his disease. It wasn't irresponsible as far as anyone else is concerned. I would have hated to see his life shortened on account of a homegrown remedy. The other two were black men who I felt needed respite and I supplied it to them by allowing them to nap on the couch which I had spent my high school years sleeping after class and now had been utilized as a detox center for Chem 1. I knew they wouldn't steal anything and even let them stay there unattended while I busied myself with Macy's chores. I did try to watch some television with them but Mika seemed to have a problem with them and arrived in his huge black truck to demand money. Macy told us they were very shallow for not paying him earlier and in order to get the cash I drove them to an abandoned apartment complex to steal the heating elements off air conditioners for scrap metal. I was listening to The Black Keys in my car. I didn't have a problem with it because I felt so useless it was a service I was glad to get credit from Macy for doing. The music and the colder atmosphere was exceptionally depressing and the smell of cigarettes reminds me of this time when I was forcing my limbs to move the heating elements into my trunk despite being stiff and also the fear. I was afraid of Mika. I thought he might shoot me. I was trying to figure out how much the men owed him. Do you owe him for meth? I asked. The bigger man curiously named Brown responded patronizingly. You think all we do is do meth don't you? I can't think of anything you would owe Mika for. Mika had a codename I couldn't remember. My imagination swelled at the idea they might have some other kind of trade going on. It's for tweak what the hell do you think it was for? I shrugged though couldn't be satisfied by that explanation. Being Macy's boyfriend I didn't have to pay for any drugs although I did have my own weed which had lasted the entire time I had known her. I was pretty sure there was something else going on with the handling of the drugs. The real story was much more fantastic than I could have even thought. The captain for the other team Jerry had a deal with Mika. He was telling me about it when I visited to see his kind. His friends in California were artists. Their company and time was their product besides the Chem 2 too. They were large scale media entrepreneurs. Any internet video with them in it was guaranteed to get tons of hits and you could pay a price to get into the films and market your own services. The videos were hypnotic the captain was explaining. His friends were highly influential. They knew how to control people's perception. He began to get a little suspicious of me I thought. I was chain smoking in the trashy fashion which I handled such magnanimous company and that's probably what started the questions. I heard that Macy thinks you've got the potential to be her Iris archetype. Don't you know what that means? He asked. I stumbled over the word archetype when I said I wasn't all that interested in it. He explained that Macy herself was highly influential as well. Also did I know she was a master of media? The archetype can be thought of like mental software. The ego is programmed. That doesn't make any sense I said. The captain told me I was worse than he thought. The archetypes serve special purposes. The role they play is specified by the individuals who play those roles. You program yourself. The story is written by their character and personality. Do you know who you are? You're going to shape what her archetype for Iris means so you better get ready and you better not be stupid when shit gets heavy. I'm telling this as your bro. Right? The archetypes are based on the theory of the Tree of Life. The angels live at the topmost part of the Tree of Life and archetypes below them and regular people near the bottom. Inside each of us is the potential to be the archetype for the angels. Anyone could be an archetype he said then smiled. But it's very expensive to get the attention a true archetype deserves. Macy has competitors on her own team. She needs you to be the strongest version of Iris out there. You can't go telling the cops she stole your car for example. Or choke at the last moment and rat her out. He blew into his pipe to clear an airway through the resin. That's really what's trashy. I didn't know what to say. These weird stories I had only pretended to believe up to this point out of fear of rejection or insecurity. You're a lightsaber Adam. I lost my speech. I went for another cigarette but dropped it and apologized and thought this could get me killed. I could get killed trying to make my girlfriend's insane plan happen this nonsense about archetypes and angels and whatever the Tree of Life could be. How complicated it all felt. She wouldn't tell me about anything yet I didn't want her to anyway. The idea made me anxious. How much had I invested of myself into this relationship? I couldn't even fuck her. I thought I was losing it and wanted to leave the captain there in his pad but knew that would be rude. He was a socialite and would have been offended and not invited me over again if I left then. I lifted myself with my legs to a halfway point and realized this at the last second and collapsed back onto the floor with crossed legs. So why hadn't I kept my job and gotten the duplex? He was loading his weed pipe with kind. She was still doing Chem 1 and I wondered Jesus could I really help her? I could stand there with my conviction of my love for her and this other person would tell me things she had never even mentioned and I couldn't understand it anyway. I had been devoted before but now I felt like a harsh schism had bent itself between us. It was overwhelming and the room seemed to shrink from the contact high I was getting off the smoke he was trying to blow in my face. Stop it I said. My apologies he said. I'm here for you if you ever have questions. Part of being the archetype fortunately is that you mustn't try too hard. Jerry was my friend where Macy was my girlfriend and nothing else. I felt like such a bitch.  I finally asked so she wants me to be famous? It seemed like a good question although I was barely paying attention to his company at this point. He laughed loudly. You're already famous. You're dating Macy. Famous how? That's what you'll have to figure out for yourself. Oh. I took some kind with me and ran a stoplight. The speeding traffic crashed headlong into my vehicle. The first car that was ever mine had been crushed from the driver's side. I regained consciousness at my Mom's after two days' hospitalization. The concussion was serious.  Chapter 5  It took two weeks to figure out something wasn't right and I went to a psychologist. I told him I was irritable and scatterbrained and having a really emotional time trying to get my life back on track. I had recently broken up with my I didn't say criminal girlfriend and still felt like I was going to die all the time despite being completely out of danger. I cried nonstop and I also told him I was upset because my high school friends weren't there for me. He said he couldn't do anything about that but told me I had probably suffered a serious and life changing traumatic brain injury. He gave me debian for depression and irritability. We were all going to watch me very closely for any more changes or even improvement and of course I had decided my life was over. But after a few days I did feel better. I got a job. I wasn't a waiter exactly but I did get tip outs and had a lot of extra cash. Everyone who worked at the restaurant was exceptional and most of them were even in college which I tempestuously envied and made large plans to enroll myself. The work was easy but I was really good at it especially the details. The nights were intense and late and I worked up and down the stairs attempting to hide the racket of dirty dishes. I could lean backwards and hold my hands outwards to keep the dishes in the bus tub. Fine dining has a special effect on someone that can be envisioned only if you meet the people who like to bill really extravagant checks on dinner and wine whose characters were almost as magnanimous as the captains I had all but forgotten. I was glad to be away from the Chem 1 and debian improved my mood so far beyond what I had felt before that I can say now I was definitely manic for the first few weeks on the job. The mania brought sadness but it was a healing type where I could regain perspective on how traumatic my relationships had been for so long. I could talk to these people about music and other things I loved and they liked me for that. Whenever I would take debian in the mornings I thought my imagination was somehow improved. The clarity with which I could perceive things now made me a newer person. I thought constantly of little scenarios where fantastic people came and went and at the restaurant that was a perfect environment for that. I wrote a story about a local dancer I met named Geronima. Actually I wrote four stories but each one improved on the last and I considered my last story to be the only important one. I had changed completely but had issues focusing on conversation and communicating. That was the scariest part and I began to feel like I was like my biology teacher's daughter. Was I retarded now? With horror I could recall conversations and my memory seemed to warp my image of myself. I felt convinced that I had become more handicapped than my family had thought. I began to get extremely anxious before and during work. But I still could assure myself that I was okay because I really liked myself and that was how I could function. I liked the stories I wrote and my coworkers and wanted to eventually start a huge purposeful life. I was an adult now and I thought with humor as soon as I could have sex I'd feel much much better. The one thing holding me back from either enrolling in college or becoming a fulltime waiter was the lingering idea that I was still in love with her. It was stupid I knew and I was torn by one emotion which felt almost confused but happy and another which longed for my ex girlfriend and even the thrill of her company. My Mom was still  working at the shelter and that would ultimately be the end to my life at the restaurant after the TBI and a new introduction to my next life as a pedestrian of the pill I could call my own shelter debian. I met Anne at my Mom's house when I came home from work one night. I avoided her at first by going into my old room which was socially acceptable even to me who was insecure and when I overheard her I felt that first attraction to her when she took my virginity. I got her number and asked her how she was. She said she was having a hard time taking care of her new boyfriend who was nothing like me. Curiosity would execute me mercilessly that night. I woke up in her new place. I felt much much better. Chapter 6  Macy wouldn't have me share this depiction of her and would prefer I make a long letter about her other boyfriend the captain. But as I sit first class drinking short Cokes I think of how her ex boyfriend Mika almost died in a shooting which is how I met her at Mom's and what would have happened if that had not happened. The path which led me to her was one I followed through weakness not courage and that must make her feel enraged. But she shall never read this I suppose. No fire could take her but it was fire which consumed me when we were together. Although the way I see her all the time gives me wonder: will leaving help? Nor validation finds me flying to my new home nor comfort nor satisfaction. It is truly the outlaw of my conscience who could make me be so at unease for such a period of time. Exact matches we may be we cannot say to each other that as lovers we met each other after that. That is her loss. So I will continue about her. At long last I had been initiated into the cult of personality surrounding her family and personal life. I had hit the pipe and smoked enough cigarettes for her and her mother to design a short mission I could help execute at the casino. My girlfriend had arranged for us to meet the man who had shot the recently appointed captain. I didn't know why the captain was so important but apparently a man named Roger Ethan had shot him because of Chem 2 and that was the reason we were at the casino to search him out. The captain had been hired by the government as a survivor on a war on drugs and did whatever Macy told him. He was simply a very strong man that Macy had dated and used now in an important purpose to give Chem 2 a touch of legitimacy instead of being an uncontrollable cultural mythos; to create a plethora of realities that the organization imagined. It was the honor and courage of the captain Mika which allowed him to skip out on attendance. He said I was going to get myself into to some crazy shit. He was once a low level drug lord and had been shot and survived then recruited by Macy to comfort civilians who knew very little of the pathology of drug use or to begin the wake up call about the reality of Chem 2 legalization especially the strong stuff called kind. It was tough for me with my high school diploma to understand and I did a miserable job being of use which of course caused me intense anxiety and nearly got them all in real trouble. The captain who had with her thought he was above the law and now worked for peace or civilians was the player in a CIA effort to comfort us about the legalization of weed. The captain was a man with street experience who could lead us to a better understanding of Chem 2 by getting us the good valuable kind. I was the newbie and the focus of everybody's attention who knew the mission at the casino: her her mother me and Jed. By the final hour I had without care accused her of stealing my car although it was parked where I left it. That is enough detail to see the whole story. But furthermore the second half of the casino which I had not known existed and thought perhaps it had been created in my mind as a place of dissection and torture where Mika would find me to execute eventually was too scary to approach at first. By now you get the gist. I couldn't find Roger Ethan and called Jed who was trying to help us stay organized from the parking lot. He said I was doing well laughing. I told him I needed Macy.  The objective of the mission was to trade cell phones for the benefit of Roger Ethan's gross rage and envy of our skirmishing ability. I would give her mother my cell phone in the casino in front of Roger Ethan who was at the lotto machines pushing away at buttons. It took me hours to find her mother but I knew through odd hints on the drive with her to the place that was the plan and I had nothing else but to stick to it. The bet masters were watching me very closely including security as I trekked through the hallways into each room scanning the crowd. I had lost her mother quickly because I thought she intended to hide from me. When I did find her I realized she had gone off in search of Roger Ethan who had been tricked into coming by a phone call or weird suggestion from Mika. My awkward towering body approached her figure which had formed a vulnerable position right next to the huge man Roger Ethan. I was so intoxicated from the drug Chem 1 that when I reached her my arm was outstretched holding the phone and my hands opened without volition as I was shaking to drop it next to her and Roger Ethan. That was the closest I felt to death that night even though the second half of the casino was probably a torture chamber. Before I could tell if she picked up the phone or if Roger Ethan saw my attempt to hand it over I ambled off without trying to fetch either the phone or attention. I already felt I had enough from the people who worked there and yet the other gamblers barely noticed. My next goal was to find Macy and go home.  Circling the blackjack tables I heard my own voice speaking to me for the first time. It was hers. The influence of Chem 1 is ephemeral and memorable like a cold version of hell which I regret took me from one end of the huge complex to the other in search of her.  My quest led me to the parking lot where I gathered she was sitting in a vehicle from another call to Jed. I couldn't find my car though. Eventually I panicked. I found a security guard who could have even been a police officer and desperately asked for help. Being strung out it is surprising I wasn't arrested. He interrogated me in good humor probably suspecting I was on not worth jailing. Who are you with? he asked. I told him about Macy and her Mom. I said I couldn't find my car which is where Macy probably was. We walked to where I thought I had parked and I said she had stolen it. I found the car soon after the cop wrote his report and ramped up on the highway to leave but a trucker on the wrong side of the road tried to crash head long into me. Reality was definitely taking a turn for the worst because I imagined Mika had arranged a hit on me. She tolerated this in her patient way when I told her afterwards. But should I have been the one who felt ratted out? I skidded to the side of the road and turned around and re entered the casino parking lot. Itself was like an ashtray of cars which burned like cigarette butts. I saw a police vehicle. I wasn't sure if she was being arrested. However I did know that this was from where she monitored me. She shouted from the window I had lasted several hours and the car rolled away. That was an unreal yet calming vision. And I did think I was dead the entire time. She already knew me so well. I finally left leaving her mother and her and went back to Macy's friend Anne's apartment. Macy had given me Anne's number in case the mission failed. Macy with her flip of red hair and her mother wearing a cowgirl jacket didn't show up at all or even call me. Did I get her arrested? It was their plan after all. If it failed it could not possibly be my fault who was a newbie. Anne went restlessly to sleep. I passed out on her couch. Part 2 Chapter 1  I lived now with another woman my age! named Anne. I would never take Chem 1 again. It would interfere with debian and I made that very upfront. She was proud of me. She was going to AA and was off it too. Great. Her mother was young and caring and this was totally acceptable and cool to me. I tried to act suave for my new housemate. She was had just been hired by a marketing firm downtown. She said she was very excited and that I should apply there because I was a writer and she was the only one there besides her boss. It was tempting to me and I was losing my willpower to say no. I could give my two week's notice and move in with her. I would have a higher paying job which utilized my skills better. I said I wasn't ready for an important career especially with my psychological issues at the time. They love creative people she said. It was owned by local artists who were trying to make it big and they accepted anything new and anyone out of the ordinary. Would this be a repeat of what happened last time? I was terrified living with Macy before. Could I really do that to myself again? The new apartment was so nice and I think I truly loved Anne but did we have to be together? I remembered Macy was so much older than me. I applied for the job. When I got the call my female friend screamed. I had to stay with her for sure. I needed to show up in just three days with khakis and tie. The place had a large splash of paint on the back wall because it was a very creative environment. Thankfully I was only tasked with filing at first. I was overwhelmed by my new job so I asked Anne out. She said yes but didn't want a physical relationship. I guess I didn't really either. Things were really looking up. The first day of work I lost track of several files and I would have gotten fired if I wasn't a newbie. They said to pay more attention to where they put things which made me wonder if they knew about my injury. It shouldn't have mattered. I could have even had a better chance at doing well if I told her but I decided not to. The company created online movies to market bands artists and even small businesses in the downtown area. It was expertly managed by a man named Daniel. He was the kind of boss that was open to anything being a creativity leader. He even said that I could try my hand at marketing after I showed him my stories. But for now we would stick to filing. Anne was especially interested in his offer. She said with our skills we could totally reshape the marketing firm's strategies. Of this I was more than skeptical. Daniel intimidated me. Anne tell me what you know our boss. We can work based on that. She showed her patience again and said it was none of my business. My boss Daniel was overly excited at work the next day. He was telling Anne that he had landed a great new client. It was a pharmaceutical house. A small branch of the pharmaceutical house sure but they were looking for experimental advertising proposals for their new medicine. Anne thought this was a huge deal. She screamed again and then again when she saw the contract. Daniel's firm was being paid over $25000 in advance for proposals for the medicine debian. It was the medication I took. It was the medication that changed my life or that heralded a new period in my life at the least. I asked why debian and not something more everyday like aspirin. He said it was a very successful drug pharmacologically but the public stigmatized anti psychotics. It was their job to improve its image as an answer for schizophrenics bi polar types and depression sufferers. It was a great job for them and I was happy too. But it seemed odd to me that the firm would be working on this medication. I thought secretly that I was going to brainstorm my own ideas about the project. After a week I showed Anne the idea. Sex huh? I thought you didn't want to have sex. Well it's a start right? I said. I had written 3 pages out and printed them as a proposal for Daniel. The idea was to illustrate the drug as a sexual icon. In the commercial fashion and sex appeal was intended to persuade the public that debian led to an improved sex life. I believed in the idea. I thought that although I wasn't having sex it was by choice and in fact I had grown out of childhood and into adulthood because of my prescription. It may have had something to do with the TBI but without debian I wouldn't have felt whole and my confidence would not have been there. Sex the commercial displayed in large text with funny music in the script could be a good or a bad thing depending on the behavior related to it. Without debian to help the behavior could be negative. debian was how to play hard to get and score the partner you were looking for. And sex was a healthy activity the actor said which cleansed the mind and body. Are you getting any sex? Are you expressing yourself in the most beautiful of ways with a partner? Call your doctor today. It was my innocence and upfront attitude that always made the older adults laugh when I was involved in any kind of sexual activity or discussion and that's why Daniel thought my idea was so hilarious. I should have expected the dismissal but I think he was impressed and encouraged me to try again. Anne's idea was less popular but overall of better quality. Two workdays later I made a second attempt this time of a more complex variety. I labelled the folder Article 2 and put it on Daniel's desk. What's this? he asked. I became very nervous and started to grab it back as if I had accidentally placed it there. Ever since the accident I was more socially insecure.  But I gave it a shot and thought ironically of the medicine and said Article 2 is the answer to your pharma contract. Really now? He was getting a little impatient. I thought he might not have liked my first idea as well as he had said. This script was all about inspiration. The actor tells a personal story about perseverance and how debian helped him remain strong until the last moments of a problem he had with his social anxiety. On debian he could exercise his willpower in a new way that gave him more stamina and his problems were slowly but surely going away because he could outlast them. Are you in for the fight? Talk to your doctor about your prescription to debian. Although Anne helped me with this one too it was quickly unapproved. Daniel told me to try again. This attempt was missing something important. I would have Article 3 ready in a week.  Chapter 2  The apartment ceiling between lofts protected us from rain and leaves although the wind was funneled through it making us cold when we would smoke cigarettes. The apartment itself was clean and grey walled like caulking stick. Anne and I composed lengthy conversations about our lives our ideas and the world we lived in which was so different from what we thought when we were children. Macy recalled childhood better than either of us and told us she was very lucky for her education which was the private school type. She thought most of all that by asking questions to herself inside her head was what brought her up to be an intellectual person. I would tell them that I remembered very little of my past broken into codes like weathered cuneiform templates. Each place I lived growing up was like its own lost civilization to me. I could remember that the people I knew always changed and even my parents changed or my dad at least. Anne said So your life was like playing musical chairs? I'd say that yes. Or Guess Who. The one where through the process of elimination you knock down faces I said. My Mom's face never disappeared and that's the only face which I remember always being there. If I quit fidgeting and sat there my head filled with memories and ideas. I think it was debian. I could see new things and actually visualize them and make judgments and connections. The conversations were long and fruitful when I paused like this. I could walk through my past and record new memories which were the same but from a different adult perspective. I was nervous that maybe I was coding my brain. I told Anne that idea and she said Code for success. You code for inner peace and happiness. Sometimes I feel like I'm programming myself too when I'm going to face a very important challenge. Although she contributed to that idea I think she was thinking about something else. Maybe she thought it was too weird. Anne had been brought up by amazing parents and I envied her. But it was the jealousy which motivates friendships and keeps us close together. I was lucky that she had a support system in case mine failed. She tried to brush it off by mentioning her difficulty in school but led herself into a trap. Anne didn't want to talk about how she met Macy after high school and what they had done together. I guess I wouldn't have either if I were a girl. Anne was very masculine and her obvious pride in her achievements like sobriety weren't typical of girls. Anne wanted to visit Italy. I promised her I'd take her there when I had saved up enough. I had been promoted in my position at the firm to illustrator of promotional ads for the company on account of my drawing ability. Daniel said I was doing great and when he was in an upbeat mood after lunch I showed him Article 3. I crossed my fingers in my head and said a sweet prayer to whatever deity oversaw marketing campaigns in heaven. Anne and I had worked on this one very closely together. In fact I told her I would have to work out a way to give her credit for her help but she was entirely disinterested in that. She said that although the contract was large it wasn't that big of a deal because the firm itself was very small. Anne and I essentially worked for a think tank. The ad would probably never be run anyway. The firm was a content farm. The idea was more simple and direct than the others. In 30 seconds an actor related the psychological histories of various famous people and their portrayal in the media. Despite their problems they were on television and in magazines and in our lives. It was with the help of doctors and medication like debian that enabled them to succeed. Find your potential to be famous. Ask your doctor about debian. Daniel said it was indeed better than the rest. He asked why I focused so much on the pharm contract. I hadn't done anything else of this quality for the firm since I started. What was it? Should I tell him I'm on debian? I thought. Instead I told him that I was trying to be the exemplification of someone who is non judgmental. I was so interested in the project because I felt bad for people on debian. He told me one more try and he would send my next idea to the client but to give him two ideas at once this time. Each one was better than the last so I should give it two tries. I liked the strategy and when I got home gave Anne a big hug for thanks. I was also desperate for her help. I felt it so important that I get it right this time. For another week I tried to put my personal life with Anne on halt to develop two scripts to show my boss. Anne I think around this time was thinking about ending the relationship. She was jealous. I sincerely didn't want that to happen so I took her to a concert. She was a pretty girl who had been through a lot of the same stuff as me. I was lucky to be her boyfriend. She asked me if I wanted to have sex when we were kissing before the show. I said after I finish Articles 4 and 5. She started crying. I couldn't take my mind off the proposals for the entire concert and when we got home we went straight to her room and she asked what was wrong. I'm so obsessive I can't help it I said. Maybe it's a problem with debian. I need to go comfort her but you remember how sex messes up relationships. I want to devote more time to finish the proposals and then we can talk about it. Anne said my work was important too. I gave her another hug. I doubt we could have made it much longer after that if it wasn't for our job. Her friend Dana came over some nights. When I finished Article 4 I told them both I wanted their help in imagining the video. Did they want to be actresses for a night? Anne was willing. She had basically written the script herself. Dana was pretending to be excited to play her role. I gave them the scripts and started recording from my handheld camcorder I borrowed from the firm. I was going to record the two talking to each other and then add my own VOICEOVER from behind the cam. Instead of showing Daniel a folder he would get to watch Article 4. ANNE Who am I? What am I doing here? What is my purpose in life? DANA You are in my head. You are a creation of mine. My goal is to help you help yourself. ADAM VOICEOVER Reality is perception. Reality is like a dream. Reality is ... ANNE Reality is the self. I am myself. But you are you. DANA But from my perspective you are someone different than from your perspective. You are only how I perceive you. Reality is a dream. ANNE Reality. ADAM VOICEOVER Reality can be tough to understand. Sometimes we forget who we are and wonder what other people think of ourselves. It's going to be okay with the help of DEBIAN. Soon you'll feel that ... ANNE I am in control of my own self and my own reality. I am awake. ADAM VOICEOVER Talk to your doctor about DEBIAN today. We watched the video together and each one of us thought it to be perfect. I eagerly wanted to show Daniel Article 4 before finishing Article 5 but he had asked me to send both at once so I had to wait. When Article 5 was painstakingly edited and neatly printed into a folder I went to bed and waited until morning. Chapter 3  Daniel liked the final one best. It was about the other. The people in the world your city your friends and your family are the other. Others are the people you pray for and try to be nice to. Others include all living things like animals and plants. So much of the other will die and you must aspire to feel compassion and empathy for them. The only thing a person must care for besides the other is the self. The commercial asks the question do you care for yourself and others? Maybe your personality disorder is getting in the way of relationships. debian can help. Ask your doctor today. The main purpose of the commercial was to wake people up about stigma about psychological disorders but Daniel said it tastefully also worked to inspire individuals with those disorders to seek help. He told me he would submit each proposal to the pharmaceutical house and see what they thought while commending me for going above and beyond the call of duty. I said I was obliged to contribute something. After all I was hired on account of my own creativity. The pattern of your proposals reminds me of something I learned when I was studying religion in college he said. Have you ever heard the word Mett?? I said no. The word he said means peace loving kindness. He told me that in order to achieve Mett? consciousness a person must first love oneself. When he has loving kindness for himself and only then he must love an outer entity. The person starts with close friends and moves on to having loving kindness for someone who is just an acquaintance and then an enemy. Eventually the follower can find love for all life and then the entire universe and then he has achieved a state called Mett? consciousness. I said it was very interesting. I wanted to tell him about archetypes and Iris but it felt wrong. Macy had wanted me to keep it a secret or she would have revealed more. I told him I would look it up online. Such concepts are only for the spiritually curious. You seem to be a very intelligent person he said. You could get a lot out of it. I thanked him. The rest of the day was full of thoughts of the universe and its hugeness. The environment was perfect for that. I drew circles within circles as practice. They seemed to be like my mind. And the outer circles were everyone around me. They were not perfect. But the first circle I drew which represented me was clearly the closest to being a real circle. Why the outer circles were so oddly shaped I could only guess. Maybe I could never achieve Mett? consciousness. Maybe I didn't love Anne or Macy enough. But the thoughts were too confused to keep in my head so I dropped it and went over my proposals. I thought it was very Mett?. When Anne and I returned home all lazy and happy Macy wasn't there. Anne and I were heavy petting and I had to stop. But she said you've finished your articles. And I had. Afterwards the excitement of the occasion made me instead of glowingly satisfied a little paranoid. Where was Macy? I was in denial that I could have gotten her into trouble. The call came around seven from detective Morrissey. He said Macy was in custody. Did we have any information about the man named Mika? We said no and stared at each other's faces frozen in terror.  It was partially true because I didn't know if Mika's real name was Mika or not. I was trying to act very busy to end the conversation by talking to Anne about nonsense. He asked who I was talking to. It is my girlfriend. We're doing homework I said. He told me he would need to ask me some questions in person. This was absolute horror but at least he didn't ask to see Anne. She knew secret things about Macy too but wouldn't be able to handle the pressure of lying. He asked for my address. Anne was sleeping when he came to take me for interrogation. I tried to get out of it but he said he had evidence of me using Chem 1 and if I didn't cooperate I could get in a lot of trouble. Also by cooperating I could lessen Macy's punishment. The situation was getting out of control very fast and I told him I needed to take my medication. This was partly because I wanted to use my condition as some sort of advantage over the police and partly because I was having a panic attack already and I didn't know how long they would keep me and I didn't want to go through this without debian. When we arrived I couldn't see Macy but assumed she was at this police station. Morrissey worked at this department which was closest to our apartment. I was at his desk like at the doctor and although he was intimidating it didn't appear he was trying to be so. The first question was how I knew Macy. She is my ex girlfriend. We live together. She's been clean for four months and sheI was interrupted by a snort. I know she does drugs Adam. All I want to know is how you know her and why you're living together he said. I haven't lived with her since the accident I said. Does she talk about her ideas with you? Does she ever seem to hold odd opinions or beliefs? he asked. No she never does. In fact she's saner than I am. See I take debian and I've been he interrupted me again. I also know you're on debian. We've he paused intercepted your proposals. They were very creative. His eyes bore straight into mine for the first time. Do you have any other proposals? Well no. I was only supposed to send two I said. We have all five proposals he said. I was confused. How did you get the Articles? Did someone give them to you? Have you talked to Daniel? What do you care about the proposals so much for? I asked. I'm the one asking the questions young man he said. He stopped his recorder. And the questions are over.  Stay available for the next couple of weeks. I may have more in a few days. Where the hell is Macy? I asked loudly. I've already told you. She is in custody for the time being. I will take you back to your apartment now. Chapter 4 I called Jerry before I even told Anne what had happened. She was following me around and asking me the same question over and over where's Macy? Jerry was very cryptic over the phone. He said Macy had legal troubles before and she was safe and we shouldn't be worried. He added that I should remember his advice. What advice? I said. You'll do better if you don't try too hard he said. I mean with coping with this whole thing. And by the way I'm sorry about your wreck. I heard that fucked you up. It's not a big deal. Thanks for trying to help I said and explained to Anne that it appeared we wouldn't be seeing Macy for a little while. Work was intensely stressful for both of us. I couldn't tell Daniel what happened but I asked to go home early. If you want to get fired you can go home early he said. Damn. He was merciless. The next day we received the news that the pharmaceutical house was very excited about my proposal which had been the only two since Daniel had not approved or sent any of Anne's work to them. They were so pleased that they wanted to buy Articles 1 through 3 to use in case they wanted to continue the advertisement series. I heard Daniel say Advertisement series? over the phone. They told him they had written Article 6 which they wanted us to film. It would be broadcasted on national channels and if they were successful future commercials would be filmed by their in house team. However our contract had been fulfilled for twenty five thousand dollars and another twenty five thousand was ours if we filmed Article 6 for them. What is Article 6? said Daniel but Anne and I didn't get an explanation. The day was a little overwhelming. My very first thought was that I could free Macy by telling Morrissey that our work had earned us a national television commercial and that he shouldn't be worried about our work on the Articles because that was our job. But I thought that doesn't make any sense because she could get in even more trouble because our work had become popular. If he thinks her ideas are illegal then what would happen to Macy if the ideas were featured in a commercial for debian? I hoped most of all that Morrissey had asked questions about the Articles only so that I would slip up and give him more information. All of this was going through my head but I was pretending to be happy. Daniel was elated and I think he wondered if I was some kind of genius. Anne had immediately gotten over her jealousy and suddenly became flirtatious. The email came with Article 6. It was written by the client. It was based on my proposals they said. Since we were the only people who worked at the firm we would have to be the actors. The realization that I was going to be on television gave me a strong conviction that debian was from heaven and I might end up killing myself from stress if I hadn't been prescribed. We had a week to film the first part of which I spent with my mother. I tried off and on to tell her exactly what happened but it felt unbelievable and scary. She noticed something was wrong. Anne was there a lot. We were off for the weekend but Daniel kept calling asking if we were ready. What could we do? The anxiety made us like Roger and Anne Rabbit. The sex was an amazing relief.  We didn't tell my Mom we were filming for a commercial. Daniel was getting all his guys ready for the spot to help him. With the advance he could afford a very good camera crew. Jerry coincidentally was one of the people he hired. That made me nervous too. But the morning of the filming I forgot about everything except Macy and took a shower and showed up to work with Anne on time. We were going to the park. There were probably fifteen people all from the local art scene who were there. Girls were talking about how they loved the message of the advertisement and giving me all sorts of flirty attention. Anne tried to ignore it and eventually snapped at one of the women about the woman's age. It was ironic given Macy's age but I kept shut. It was hard to talk anyway. It was a sunny day but we still needed lights. I didn't understand that but makeup told me it was for the flesh tones. I said I'm wearing a mask. Why do I need to have my flesh tones highlighted? Then I saw the mask and it only covered the outside portion of my face. The nose eyes lips and cheeks were still visible. They knew what they were doing so I quit complaining. I was agitated from thinking of what would happen when Macy found out we were filming a commercial based on her work and the fear that she might be in real trouble for something. We were ready to film after three hours. I didn't have time to read the script. I was going to be the only actor and they had brought a teleprompter. I would play the part of an alien named Arthesces. I heard the script was weird but all commercials were weird and it was supposed to be funny. Jerry was talking about how we had won a great deal of respect in the creative community because of my work. I promised myself that afterwards I would tell him of Macy's involvement. Then I remembered what he said just before the wreck. I was already famous because I dated Macy Fad. What did he mean by that? Could he have predicted I was going to be on television? I got sick just before the cameras started rolling and the team took a break. Why was I going to be the actor? It just hit me that I hadn't even considered that. Jerry seemed to be in his element. I finally saw the two black men in the camera crew who I had invited to my Mom's house. Why was this happening? Could this be one of Macy's secrets? I didn't have much time to wonder anymore. I was standing in front of the camera and needed my best radio voice. During filming everything was automatic.  Article 6 EXT. AFTERNOON. PARK. An ALIEN is directly in front of the camera. ARTHESCES ADAM My name is Arthesces. You have found me at last. You may know of my ship DEBIAN. That is also the brand of medication you have heard about on television. Cut to: The ALIEN SHIP hovers over a mountain range. ARTHESCES VOICEOVER I float above the mountains in this region. I know everyone who takes the medication called DEBIAN. They're being controlled by the supercomputer that runs my ship. Cut to: Alien. ARTHESCES Anyone who doesn't take the medication is target for me. You may know me by my other name. It is Chem 1. Cut to: Hovering ship. ARTHESCES VOICEOVER DEBIAN is a super computer which designed the medication you have seen on television. Although DEBIAN is my home I live at odds with it. Do you want to live inside DEBIAN's cellular processor? Cut to: Close up of alien. ARTHESCES Or do you want me to meet you personally? Cut to: Hovering ship. ARTHESCES VOICEOVER Talk to your doctor today. Chapter 5  I could barely remember even filming the commercial. We went back to my Mom's because without Macy I felt like we had no reason to be at our apartment. We were all concerned about her. Jerry knew my Mom and came over a lot while we waited for the editing to finish. He said the commercial was going to be huge. Anne and I speculated about what had happened to Macy when she was detained and Jerry didn't seem comfortable talking about it. I understood because he was both trying to protect her as drug user and personally. It wasn't his place to talk about things. When the weekend at Mom's was over we went to work like any other day but filing was exceedingly boring. Daniel said he was very pleased with what he had seen so far and that Anne and I should be prepared for agents storming the firm after the broadcast of our work. We were getting raises and hiring extra artists. But that wouldn't happen until the next calendar month so we had two weeks for a client search. If we landed another good contract we would have to lead the new employees responsibly. Were we up to the task? He added that the biggest challenge would be mine in managing the attention from the commercial. He asked if I was ready. I shouldn't try so hard and I'll be okay I said. The media storm hadn't hit yet but the video was edited. Jerry gave us the call and said his team had finished the effects on the spaceship and encoded the video for television broadcasting. I was putting the pieces together about the archetypes and Jerry Macy and Mika's efforts to make me famous. I was still confused about exactly what they had done and how they had been so successful. Two months ago I thought I might never see Macy again. Now I thought I almost didn't want to. I hoped she was okay but everything was a fog. What was in store? We were at the firm when the commercial ran. My face looked entirely different from what I expected. The sound was mastered to make my voice like an actual alien. The spaceship was like a neon swirl in daylight ephemeral and levitating over a beautiful mountain range. Jerry's team had also enhanced my costume to be more colorful and vibrant.  They were masters at this sort of thing and we received a congratulatory call from the pharmaceutical representative soon after the spot was over. But that wasn't the only call we received that day. The first one came about an hour after the commercial ran which I suppose is the amount of time it took for a person to track us down. Cat Lady Marketing this is Daniel he said. Who is this? Slow down. You've seen the commercial. Yes if you want to speak with the distributors of debian I can give you their number. You do very much? Just give me a moment he said and put his hand over the mouthpiece. He pointed to us at the phone like he was flabbergasted. Weird guy wants to talk to the client. Anne and I shook our heads and stared at each other. Alright did you get that number? Thank you and if you have any questions you can he said but was interrupted. He waited. You know Arthesces? He gave us the same odd look we were giving each other. You're what now? Another call was on the line. Hold for just a moment he said. Can you do that for me? It will be just one moment. Cat Lady Marketing this is Daniel? It was another weird guy. He was shouting. We could hear it over the phone speaker. Anne walked over to her desk phone and opened the first line. She told him we were very busy and that he could call back later in the afternoon. He was shouting also. She hung up on him and Daniel managed to get off the phone with his caller. I guess so far the commercial is getting attention at least Daniel mumbled. He wasn't as alarmed as I was. Was I going to have to deal with people who didn't like the commercial? He said he was an ah abductee and that we had well he struggled with the words. We had to know something that he already knew. Something about debian being a real ship. I thought this could be some kind of scandal. Maybe the pharmaceutical house had written the script as a strange way to harass people who were against medication. Maybe I was caught up in something much bigger than I had even imagined with all my doubts. I remembered what Macy said about the firm being a think tank. Had we been taken advantage of to further a scheme to ruin peoples' lives? But I rested my faith on Daniel and Jerry's team. I certainly didn't understand marketing. I stepped outside to smoke and call Jerry. Do you know what's happening at the firm right now? I asked. He told me I should take off early and come speak with him at the house. Daniel wouldn't mind he insisted. He had kind and insisted I take some but he meant right now. I told him I could only do the strong stuff by myself otherwise I would shut down socially. He told me immediately that the whole team expected a lot of backlash from the commercial. Had I actually thought about the contents of the commercial? I guess not. I was happy that it was based off of mine and Anne's work I said. He said he had something very important to tell me and I should take some kind. I said no again. I don't really like that stuff. He seemed a little offended. You are Iris after all he said then added Arthesces' archetype. He brushed the comment off by looking in the kitchen for his weed. You mean I play an alien in the commercial? Is that important somehow? I said. He returned to the living room with his pipe. No I mean you represent the angel Arthesces as Iris his archetype. Your role is pretty huge. He smiled. You're probably one of the strongest archetypes I've ever seen then he stopped. I'll only tell you more if you hit it. I was disconcerted. This was hardly the time for his kind. I actually missed Macy more than ever at this moment. I said I'd take one puff if he told me what the hell was going on. The weed hit me like a deep sorrow and I thought immediately that I had no idea what was going on or why I was there. He waited for me to regain composure. You and Macy are partners. Macy works for the ahem he said Government you could say. Did you at least know that? I said it wasn't surprising. I had seen her in the police car after all. Is she an officer? Why is she in custody if she is an officer? She isn't. She never has been. And that's all I'll tell you tonight but I must insist you stay here. I wouldn't want you to get another injury he smiled again. Which I don't think would be so lucky for us this time. I tried to get him to explain but could barely speak because of the high. He turned on some relaxing music and I gave up trying to figure anything out. A woman came over and I don't remember the conversation but for a split second I thought I was actually enjoying myself despite all that was going on. I passed out way before them awoke in the middle of the night more sober and left. Anne was at the apartment but asleep. I laid down next to her and went to sleep again. The grim memory of what Jerry had told me the night before persuaded me to stay in bed long after Anne went to work. When she woke up at the normal time I told her I was sick and to tell Daniel I would be missing work. I didn't care if he wanted to fire me. Chapter 6  Macy showed up while I was sleeping. I was so happy I started crying. She hugged me and I told her what Jerry had said and asked if it was true. Why do they always go to Jerry? she asked manically as if I wasn't there. Don't listen to him. She told me she was just checking up on me. I think she had spoken to Jerry and knew I learned she wasn't at the police station and never had been. When she left I wished I had more kind. Who was Macy really? Why did she tell me she loved me when she couldn't possibly? She had lied. I left the apartment. I decided to go to work and tell Daniel I was quitting but I worried what Anne would think. What if Anne was just like Macy? The firm was locked. I had no idea where anyone could be. So for the last time I drove across town again to my Mom's and found Macy Anne Daniel Jerry Mom and Mika. Daniel spoke first after I entered the doorway. Cat Lady Marketing has officially closed down he said. He sounded very intoxicated. It has achieved its purpose thanks to you Adam and we will be forever in your debt. Morrissey is on his way. I couldn't speak once again. Morrissey was coming? I ignored Daniel and went into my room. Macy came in after less than a minute. Adam do you remember when you got the job after the wreck? I started shouting. What the fuck is going on Macy? Why are all these people at my mother's? Your Mom was worried about you and eventually found Morrissey who found me she said. We have something to tell you. After the wreck your friends at the restaurant noticed something very worrisome about you. You were seriously mentally handicapped. You were getting better after a couple of days but they were worried you might get in a dangerous situation and get yourself killed. What? I feel exactly the same! I was just weird because of debian. Adam debian is a spaceship piloted by the E.T. named Arthesces. The medicine was given to the organization I worked for but was created inside the ship. It has helped a lot of people. But the truth has to be told. That was your job. My job was to help Daniel with the Articles I said. I worked for Cat Lady Marketing to help the client. She explained that Mika had rented a building during the time I worked at the restaurant. The firm was a cover. Also she explained that the client was in fact a part of her organization and that I was a front man for a very important mission for that organization. Or if I preferred to think of it that way I was on a mission for the client. What mission? I asked. You'll find out later. We simply can't tell you everything right now. For now Morrissey is going to take you to the airport. Stunned I agreed only on account of the trauma of the discovery that Daniel and Macy and possibly Anne were all lying to me about who they were and what they wanted me to do. Morrissey was in a jacket and told me I'd be alright. It's a little unsafe for you right now in the city. There's going to be a big impact on the public and you might be a target. Your friends will be leaving too but you're going to Oregon. The flight leaves in three hours. I'm going to take you there and fly with you to Oregon. If you could do one thing for me and that's pretend I'm your father once we get to Oregon we'll have a much easier time. I don't think anyone will ask too many questions especially if we lie low. I want you to know you're safe with me. I'm trained at this sort of thing. Just think of how important it is that you stay with me. I thought my friends? I tried to think of Anne and wanted to ask if she was lying too but by then I knew she must have known the truth. I followed Morrissey out of house with the obedience of a child. I pretended Morrissey was my father. I boarded the plane without saying a word. I thought realities are playthings to Macy and her captains. I felt struck with utter loss. Finally the thought occurred to me that Macy was an anarchist and that she wanted to cause mass panic. But why would she want to do that? Could she be a spy from another country? Or what was the truth? I thought maybe I had created something which would hurt a lot of people. Would people take the ad seriously? If they did then what would happen? Had I really been the person to announce to the world the presence of aliens? In the carryon Morrissey gave me I finally found the mp3 player with the Black Keys album I liked so much. Before I listened to the album I noticed one mp3 file which stood out at the end of the list. It was titled To Adam. It was a recording of Macy's voice. Adam I just want to say that you have done an amazing job. I'm with Jerry and he agrees. I'm so sorry we all had to lie to you and I know how you must feel. Trust me. Anne really loves you even though she does know about the plan. She told me you were one of the deepest most lovable young men on the planet. Your part of the mission is over. You won't have to live like a famous person or anything if that's what you're wondering. I met you through your Mom's job at the shelter originally. I am actually a government agent. Remember what you learned in school about the war on drugs? Remember DARE? Well that's sort of my job. And one of the most devastating weapons the enemy has is Chem 1. I've struggled with it for years to try to understand it and there's nothing I can tell you right now that can confirm we have any chance in overcoming it the killer that it is. It's taken many lives and hopefully will take fewer lives now because of what you've done. The drug itself has an occult importance among certain very important people who control the economy the media you name it. They are all under the influence of Chem 1 which they secretly take in pill form. The reality is much worse than you think. My agency completed an assignment on the origins of the drug and what we found was very scary Adam and that's why your job is so important. Chem 1 was brought on earth to destroy humanity. It is the spirit of a being known as Arthesces king of lies. He has lived on earth for as long as humanity had evolved. The only thing in this solar system that Arthesces fears is his ship which has an artificial intelligence on board which interferes with his tinkering with the human population. As far we know he is a criminal to his own kind. That's how we won Adam. That's how you won. His ship called debian is the key to fighting Arthesces. He himself is invisible but his ship we have found. By scanning the ship we learned how to create the medicine which I must say is a very technologically advanced little pill. It's how you survived after the TBI. And that wreck you got into possibly saved the mission from total failure. You see without telling someone of Arthesces it was nearly impossible to show the world what we had learned without the E.T.'s puppets making us out to be lunatics. Of course there's also the possibility that any person could be killed immediately upon contact with us. That's why we had to break up the first time. But when you injured your brain we made the decision to move forward with Article 6. We got very lucky. It could have been years before we had another chance like that and our medication was doing well right then in the media. Article 6 may never have happened if we hadn't done this to you. We're so very sorry but your Mom will be joining you soon. I was sick from crying. Don't worry; you'll regain your short term memory and cognitive ability by a very large degree someday soon. Just keep persevering Adam. You taught me that. I love you. The plane arrived in Oregon in just five hours. Morrissey said The flight attendant will take care of your cans. Let's just get to the apartment and go to sleep. I followed him across the walkway which eventually curved into the terminal out of the airport and into a car which was parked under the garage. When we got out I could see the whole sky. We weren't near any city and after driving a little ways out of the airport parking lot I could see every single star in the entire sky. And I thought maybe debian had followed me. And I wondered if Macy would die from taking Chem 1. Then I thought what is this medicine that's inside me? Orion itself was my comfort on the drive home. Epilogue Hello Thank you for the chance to compete! I worked really hard on the novelette and thought this was a great competition. I don't know what I'm going to do with all of the prize money if I win anything but some will go to the editor of The Cult. I have a modest proposal for you all. I've been having a hard time moving out because of health issues and it's something I want to do very much. I have always wanted to live somewhere that fits my interests and personality better than where I am now. One possibility is to live in the Paseo Arts District in Oklahoma City. However although I receive a disability check I don't currently have any contacts there or even any chance of being able to afford renting my own house or apartment there by myself. So here's what I'm asking of this community. Does anyone have any suggestions for how I can get to the Paseo Arts District? Specifically I want to stay there for a summer with no computers or television or anything to absorb the culture of the community and to grow as a person and also to determine if I'm capable of living on my own. What would help is if anyone lives in Paseo and has suggestions for someone willing to have a paying roommate for the summer. Thanks for any information regarding this! And thanks to the mods of /r/writingprompts for the competition. Since living here in the country I've picked up a few stories to tell. Here's one of them. Jerry was responsible for my Mom's relocation to rural Oregon. I think they may have had an affair. Jerry wasn't legally married so I can't blame Mom whose social awareness doesn't go much beyond lists and laws. When Mom came I became afraid she had HIV and opted to be tested myself. I passed the test and so did she. We had somehow avoided yet another consequence of our addiction to Chem 1. The psychological dependence was easy to control with debian.  I wanted to go back to Oklahoma City but new Articles on television had revealed a few things that made it exceptionally difficult to travel. Most humans were clones. There was an uproar across the country. Unbelievably this had zero effect on my outlook: despite being an archetype myself I fully believed in the uniqueness of even the clones. The entire population of my town in Oregon had been cold pressed into Chem 1 dependents; we could only hope the mutations caused by Chem 2 would improve comorbidity rates.  The organization began research on a kind of cure in which I was especially interested. It was the process of brain imaging. They discovered that one day through brain imaging we could understand addiction more completely. I volunteered immediately for tests.  The images came back after two weeks with analysis: shizophrenic depressed damage from Chem 1 to frontal lobe some additional brain trauma and one very curious patch of activity in the right hemisphere. It seemed that the creative part of my brain was hyperactive because of debian. They said I shouldn't even have any cognitive problems and that my anxiety was simply because I could obviously see the world much much differently than other people. It was the only encouragement I needed to finish writing the memoir of my transformation into an archetype. Its title was THE CULT. THE END Interview with Rinaulde Jones What book marketing techniques have been most effective for you? The most effective technique was personal inquiries for beta readers and editors. I paid one editor I met in IRC and that person gave me the most help. I also paid one beta reader and found a bunch of free beta readers in IRC.  Any success I may have with my current book The Cult is due to attention garnered from the contest which I've entered the story into. That contest was hosted by /r/writingprompts on reddit.com When did you first start writing? I started writing when I was 7 or 8. My first story was a Mario fanfic Where did you grow up and how did this influence your writing? I grew up in Oklahoma City and went to a private school for the first years of schooling. I suppose this gave me a unique interest in books and space. I was in Space Club and went to Space Camp at 11 years of age. What motivated you to become an indie author? Reddit.com re jump started my hobby by providing great info on self publishing and a place to share my work How has Smashwords contributed to your success? I haven't had much success yet What is the greatest joy of writing for you? The duality of a motif symbol plot character or setting: if something can be both right and wrong the answers become easier to accept What do your fans mean to you? I truly hope I inspire them to create great stories  non fiction or otherwise What are you working on next? I'm working on a television series called Slow Meta. It's about drugs surveillance psychic powers and national politics. Who are your favorite authors? Check out my author bio/information on smashwords.com for a few influences. One I didn't include in that is Victor Pelevin. What inspires you to get out of bed each day? Narcissism.  Published 2014 02 23. Ch. 1 I said that already!  She had actually. I didn't know what to do. Thumb wars.  She was teacher and I was hot for teacher. So I was teasing her. How old are you exactly?  She said If the class hadn't left already you'd be getting laughed at!  But you never told me. How was that coy? You need to leave the classroom now Jacob. I did leave. It wasn't hard to like last time when I had the boner and had to side step to the door. Why was she such a hottie? Maybe because I was learning from her or her dress. The project she explained would be easier if we had a PC at home. I didn't so I had to use the school library. I went directly there.  They didn't have coffee like the hospital. I thought of spitting straight into the floor.  Two days pass like bicycles The test begins now 1. What is the longitude of Bristol? 2. How many large cities are between Bristol and London?  3. Short answer. Why would it be difficult to ride a bicycle from London to Bristol?  I don't even have a map. I want that Bristol sound. I want to sound Euro I want to fit in I want to make fun. I'm afraid of the police who control the dullards they police and police and police. 4. Isn't Venice nice?  Circle yes or no.  My A was assured. The test was over. I went back to the library to work on my presentation. I had just 30 minutes before lunch was over then class started again. Who wants to show their PowerPoint first?  Me.  I opened my email on her computer which caused some fuss and then opened the slideshow.  This slide  The presentation was over in one tenth the time I spent on the presentation itself. What a disappointment. But she loved it.  Thank you Jacob.  She had refreshed my boner like the lovely wench she was.  Damn.  Ch. 2 One soda machine worked. The other gave you doubles every other time. It had been like that all week which was about how long anything would quit working before being taken away or fixed at my high school. The line was huge for that one. Everyone wanted their double soda.  Except I didn't want doubles. I was the one who rigged the other machine and I was too cool to actually wait twice as long for a chance at doubles. It was like the time I freaked the kid out by pulling 6 heads out of heads or tails in a row. Of course I was a lucky bugger. But it required a certain amount of skill to really impress people with magic these days. Sorry. I'm so sorry. I know you appreciate an apology. I feel like trash Lisa.  Why does her man look like that guy?  Did she take look around and find out she was wrong? I remember her lying on her back taking photos of herself with the digital SLR camera. I remember the time fondly. Maybe she thinks I topped her with my magic. Maybe she thinks everything was wrong. Maybe she needs me. Maybe I need her. Maybe just maybe   but no we were high school friends. There's no way we could get together again. maybe I miss her  It was terrible folly to be in the bathroom with the spirits. The magic was understandable but the fact was that I was seen and they knew magic too and what was magic anyway? The exercise that it was I barely made it out alive. Whole By Jacob Hosty  My girl. Do you take me whole?  I know what will happen if you say no. So do you take me whole? Find a memory. The pain of stuffing your nose. The stuffy winter of your friend. Carlos. The apartment he died in. I remember. I am willing to do anything.  Predictive text is such bullshit. I did not intend to say Korean or anything else. I meant Rinaulde.  Rinaulde will you return? That's what the message said. I sent it at breakfast the free one I fashioned for myself because my mom is a teacher and our income is low. AP classes? That means no texting. The classes themselves were too difficult for some. Chemistry and Calculus were too difficult for me. But AP Literature? All mine. All mine. Projector.  Projector. Rinaulde's is a chemical story. We met in the rolling valleys of DMT intoxication. Between one unending hill and another psychedelic lawn and the falling sky we finally made that connection. In reality we met at a party. But there was nothing like that connection that I had felt with Rinaulde since Lisa McGuell drank with me in my mom's basement.  Rinaulde was a writer. I couldn't do it. I had too much faith in the universe I was too convinced  that everything had an end. Rinaulde couldn't see the end. He toiled for ever and ever. In the middle of our DMT trip he had told me that he saw a memory of his god. A carnal scene he said: a party in hell. His god Daria the spunk which created him was exploding. Then when his god was dead Rinaulde knew the pain of abandonment.  He said that he also knew the memory came from my brain. I told him it could not have been me even though I had lost control myself. When he returned to the electronic world of DMT hallucinations he asked me to conjure his god. I tried to picture myself.  Ch 3. Is the font a gimmick? Am I being swindled?  Why would you be swindled?  I am easily swindled by distractions.  Then the markup is for you. Take some time to get to know your mind. It should not be swindled by gimmicks.  So it is a gimmick then. I wanted to get busted. But the drugs weren't mine. I'd probably just get narc'd if they found out about us.   From the Top to the Bottom By Jacob Hosty Power in principle does not sacrifice any of itself because those under its rule rise up.  The weird point I was trying to make to the kid was that if you looped your dick into  arcs then the only way to end the pain was to get a boner and come so hard  that like a missile your dick launched from itself to the walls and pinned  itself there like a dart and then of course to escape you would need  to hook yourself to where your dick stuck against the walls and  use your arms to pull your ass free from the terrible machine which wrenched your inputs and outputs forever. You cursed veteran of the war on  Earth for the right to evolve and mate with others. I know this as a  magician. I know this as a magical being. I am  the truth. This is magic. I had flipped the coin and out of two options I chose to die.  Ch 4.  In twenty minutes I could be ready for school. I wondered if I would forget the mornings. Last week's mornings were a fog. Would I remember a single morning from my junior year ten years from now? Maybe in the bathroom with him. Tim. His bedroom was right next to the bathroom and I brushed my teeth always and quickly put my clothes on after the shower. He made sure of that then drove me to school. His penis pump I never saw. Or I don't remember seeing it. He talked about it often.  He had survived HIV/AIDS for over ten years and told me: if you don't do something right don't do it at all. He served in the Air Force. He moved to New York where he was from eventually. I knew things about him that he would cry and tell me after a few martinis who's olive sea ness I had never tasted until I met Tim the magician.  Was being a magician right for me? Could I learn the ways of illusion and tricks and power and grace? Would I memorize spells? I wanted to. I must have been desperate. I knew he was desperate to fuck me.  One morning at the cabin we tried poppers which make you high which gay people use to make their orgasms more powerful. Like a wizard tonic he sniffed it on the porch and then I tried. Heady swirling dimensions opened up before me. And we would smoke weedbut this was all later.  I'm foreshadowing. Untitled By Jacob Hosty each second drip drip  the neurotransmitters click  the fuel injector mists  flammability into an engine block pop fizz bubbling meninges  static zap  brain stem's connected to the  thought bone  fifteen dimensions right under your nose  through the roof you can't see the hole in the floor  thought bone's connected to the  step through the threshold  brain fits beside the head  guts wrap around your belly button  and you will spin on stage wearing wooden toed shoes  an underground tunnel connecting  all the houses from here to Devil's Peak  you will fall upwards and become an exploded diagram  heart among tissue and bone click click you can hear the applause slip  brain reactor  meninges bubbling with quantum foam  fizz pop grey matter is a fountain drink It's the beat to my step. Rise and shine. In public. Starting to breathe slower. Wanting to start. Five Pounds  Six  ounces.  I was a healthy baby boy.  I was a blessing.  I was an angel or a god.  My birthday was three sixteen ninety. My name was Jacob Hosty. Why can't I go back? I find myself trying to understand what other people think of themselves instead of what I should think about them. I want to appreciate that person's view and be liked by them but peoples' image of themselves conflict with others'. I tend to worship people. It's almost getting to be too much. I can't keep trusting others and seeking approval. Especially from the one I love. I need to be a dick and show her that I am the man for her. But she fixes the board with little hints that she wants to be alone. Why Australia? Is she an island?  Why division? Why not fractions? Is she into me less now? Am I on an uneven keel to her? The sharp point of fractions would have made me horny. Or by using Spain as an example. Something off the map. And to look directly at me like I stare so full of want. I wanted also an upskirt. I wanted a DP scene. I wanted a cumshot. I had to stagger out of the room heartbeat pulsing. I brushed across Lisa McGuell and felt that youthful breath and wondered if I was looking for too mature of a lover. I could actually share my mind with someone my age and it would be okay. Something about it not being okay turned me around.  I wasn't taken to not being enjoyed. So when she tried to avoid me years later I wondered why. Was Lisa McGuell throwing me away and everyone else? Did she have a routine of learning what to think about other people? Did she care what they thought? Was she smarter than me? Could she memorize the poems I wrote her after school? Did she feel smart? Did she have a ruined brain from the pain pills and medication? Was she an addict? Did she need me? Where did she live? Why did she live there? When could we be friends again? Why am I so alone? I don't know where to look for her. Yukon. With that guy that looks like the other guy. And everyone who looks like her.  Wine. I remember. The drug talk the wine. Her leaving. It was soulless. It was scary and dark and she avoided me because of my mother I knew it now. I wondered when she decided I was a bad guy. Or why she called me a monster. Or when we could be in love again.  It was strange to think of my teacher now. Why was I in the middle or behind when it felt like I was in front? Was I being punished for cheating? Illusion is an art and I deserve credit for every magnificent lie I weave. Cum.  Ch 5.  Can I say shut the fuck up and start walking? I am a master of worlds and the world. My lists and my pictures have been uploaded to the internet. I meditate on them. The next morning I see the faces that are online and I say the names who I have listed. I am a projector. Once it is in my head I make it whole. Do I have to spell it out inside this box and without my shell? Morning; waking up I wonder if I can still remember exactly what I need to do before school. Night; why can't I see? Would I be dead in another era? Was it from reading or just genetics? I wonder this in my bed high after jacking off. Monday. Morning; my day is being lost and it's impossible for someone like me to find that again. Night; my day has improved significantly since this morning. I'm lying here and I'll be asleep in seconds. No weed for me. I'm out like a light. Tuesday. Morning; opening the door to a woman in my life would be more right than white light. Night; everything is passing so quickly. Is it already Wednesday? What do I have to say for myself? Guilty as a wren. Wednesday. Morning; facing determined enemies scare me and my powers are weakened. Maybe. Night; four days later and I'm sick of myself. A new period of depression has kicked in. This is my week at a glance. It is weekend now. Thursday. Friday. We park out cars into the spots with our names on them. We leave school to get high. When we're back we walk the halls like magistrates.  I am a master of worlds and the world.  The legends of real men and women who I have met bounds to the edge most regions of believability. They are strong; I am weak. I learn from them my teachers.  They took me whole. They broke me completely. I checked my teacher's ass from my desk. She does have a wonderful behind. But when do I get to graduate? Haven't I already graduated? The tests are easy. She's looking at me.  And I can't take my eyes off her.  Lisa wonders out loud where I'm going. I tell her to the lake of passing grades.  Ch 6.  Out of breath in time with the cue in the orchestra the dancer's panties fall.  For conjuring Rinaulde's god I get a meta package of friendship. We are friends; everyone knows we are friends; and we tell the police that. Whether or not we actually harbor feelings of friendship is irrelevant. Rinaulde is my friend for all concerned. I use the relationship to help me with progress. Tim said Can you tell me you understand? You wrecked the car didn't you? I really didn't know. It was when I said greet death.  Or maybe the poetry made it happen in the car drinking coffee.  Jesus. What was I doing? What did it mean? I remember the code.  I remember you saying dream. I was taken by sex.  I was a slave by sex.  Bye. Bye bye sex.  Are you hot for teacher? I am instead of you. Four years later. I found out they weren't so delicious when they had been left in the fridge overnight.  My mom was clean and sober and my only friend an immature hardware specialist from Portland. I lived in a different town hadn't seen anyone for months and tried to have sex with him. That's how seriously desperate I was. This is around the time I was forced down and everyone let go of me. I felt destroyed. I wondered why it had to happen this way. What had I done wrong between that night of wine with Lisa McGuell and then the now my situation at that moment? I find teachers in everyone and seek that extra credit. I listen to my sex and it tells me to learn. I've learned enough. I can't learn anymore. I can't stay the child student. I'm not young in Tim's eyes anymore. It was simply embarrassing. I didn't know the impact of what I was doing and I never stopped learning. I wish I could take it back. I feel emotional pain made physical. And my interest in magic? Projector. Projector.   I'm free. Ask my commander or his counterpart who dreams for mewhose nightly poison mars my morning judgment. In fact I'm not in a cell a hospital a shelter or any other detainment facility at all. I've been free for a while now. And don't forget to ask the American KGB defector now CIA or her acid freak cronies who answer for her. They won't deny I'm free. They think I'm getting too used to it in fact. The warm fresh air that hits my face when I leave my house is underappreciated. However when I finally get home after days or weeks of confinement in the city I savor the pavement like fine liver.  The world is falling apart around me. Just now there is a man perched outside my door to capture me if I leave. He's CIA not KGB. And if I don't look he'll make a way to his black car behind my neighbor's house and silently drive off in a few minutes. As well inside each unforgiving pixel in my monitor on which I am typing this document is a single camera designed to follow me around very closely. That's over 800 times 600 cameras trained. My hard drive is the kind that has no moving parts. This is so that the signal is not interfered with which un randomizes all my software. Any program which shuffles or slideshows randomly will be manipulated to convey secret messages from the KGB or CIA. The story is always so specifically designed to confuse me that it takes huge amounts of effort to deny them their hold on me.  Most of this is true. The CIA versus KGB plot may be inaccurate. This ordeal at least by whose responsibility in matters of surveillance is concerned may actually be linked to just one national intelligence agency. And although it definitely seems like two competing forces perhaps good versus evil I reject both teams. The towering resources required to watch me only match my importance. I know a CIA agent very personally and therefore it became easier to monitor me than to monitor her. Any influence she might actually have on the world would have to be through me her puppet because her appearance is that she is so untrustworthy. Also there may not be a camera on every pixel of my monitor. The commander tells me there is but I doubt him. He doesn't exist either. I actually receive most messages not from randomized software but instead from my squandering society which remarkably still values ad space and pays for radio seconds. And it seems the CIA agent at my door has just taken off. It's all depressing still.  I've swept. I've cried. I've been mopping all around the house. Being sad has no use in the end but being clean brings us closer to God. That writ should go in a letter to my brother who is by no confabulation completely miserable and soppy.  The climate is war zone and in my mind almost nothing is believable. Certainly not my brother's story about why he visited his employer's psychologist two weeks ago.  Taking time out of his leisurely evening which is approximately six hours at its longest estimation my brother went to a psychiatrist who told him that he my brother could magically control me. There was no ulterior motive behind my brother's visit to the psych doctor certainly not his own misery and upon leaving my brother did believe to have those powers of bodily control. As my brother left the psychiatrist's office the doctor warned him of only one thing: the powers might only work if I am incarcerated and would maybe even be useless were I to be freed.  So I don't take my freedom lightly anymore.  It is a phenomenon I have noticed that being surrounded by brilliant people not specifically me being brilliant but the people who influence me being so like that CIA agent and my commander who do exist now that anything I say or write has special almost genius significance to me and sometimes the entire world. It is like a golden tongue. So the plot which unfolded this morning while being un special will seem incredible to anyone reading this.  Opening my bedroom door my brother plotted to arrest me. He is in his own way an officer and he felt that should he do one thing with his powers it would be to arrest me. He had made a path from my bed to his truck and was planning on bagging me into the back of it and hauling me off to jail so that he could then control whatever I say or do; or whatever it was he wanted to do with me. I was going to be his puppet. Before he accidentally woke me he was rubbing his hands together and muttering such things.  My brother didn't know I was already being plotted against. It was in his strange way that love naturally wins over greed that it turns out he would be forced to arrest the wrong person who was an alternate officer and who burst out of my closet to attack my brother. My brother is a large man and came out on top.  He said and had difficulty with the words You are  under arrest  ! Of course he was planning to say this to me and when he flashed his badge at the wrong person me being awake at this point he was somewhat disappointed. As my brother was granted police officer ship he was only allowed one arrest. He had just wasted that arrest on another officer. Automatically my brother cuffed the other officer who seemed a little flabbergasted as well no one gets arrested for spying and carried him to his truck. To me my brother said Good day Andrew and dragged the other man to his truck.  I may never be controlled by my brother idiot. But the terms of his arrest has made it so that he is no longer an officer and thus is now a target for surveillancemaybe we'll find some common bond in the future? As for the man he arrested: he is being punished scientifically with an equal level of misery that my brother harbors. I guess that's fair.  Taken out of context the situation was certainly bizarre. He was taking loads of antihistamines passing out every four hours because of the sedation and in between writing meaningless laws out by hand into thin college ruled notebooks. The contex was that he lived in a bat shit apartment complex built he thought amazingly directly inside a pre existing condition. Assurance quotient he wrote down in subsection b of typical social situations requiring intervention in the place of hazard quotient as defined by the same terms: estimated confusion calculated between one and eight the average number of violent factors divided by number of violent factors. He thought he needed an example so inserted: an assurance quotient greater than one confirms all suspicion of danger and the situation will require assessment and prevention as defined by social action in broken neighborhoods subsection a. He didn't feel the amendment was clear enough so he mentioned in coda that assurance quotient will determine how accurately people perceive the situation. The agent can then determine to use social action in broken neighborhoods or social action in relatively healthy neighborhoods. He couldn't determine his own area's assurance quotient. He didn't know enough people. He didn't know of much at all. He wasn't sure if the baking soda was actually transforming his food's taste to be blander. Was it the hydroxyzine antihistamine making him hungry like a stoned law professor in the lounge who rescues the fridge from overfilling? The convenience store pre cooked burgers and chicken sandwiches possibly were just empty calories which he ate out of laziness with mayonnaise. His assurance quotient was probably greater than one which meant the people around him were more confused than they actually were in danger. He thought of including the term danger to selves perhaps in the social action guide. The laws he wrote were he thought a guideline for activist behavior. He couldn't allot any monies to groups or individuals but he could damn well define what they would do with the monies they did or didn't have. Gregg was an expert in activism. Most activism was illegal so laws are a natural way to diagnose the essential flaws of activism namely danger and confusion. In fact confusion was a variable in most charts for activists. Confusion was the zeitgeist of activism: the activists will confused confuse other wholly odd thinking individuals in their confusing charade of promising change. He fixed his coda to say social action in confused communities and began to get rather excited about this name of this next law and skipped ahead a little to being working on it. He napped first and then began. Social Action in Confused Communities Taken largely to killing themselves or hurting one another emotionally sexually or more rarely these days physically due to punishment see: justice for violent people social action may be required in communities full of persons in danger of themselves. Social action: the liberal behavior of helping a less privileged person or group of persons. Confused communities will have an assurance quotient greater than one. That was all for now. He thought 'what if people actually began following my laws?' and drifted asleep on a couch upholstered for not a magistrate but a sort of less important page. Gregg was the fool. His friends knew his condition would limit response to social cues and this had nothing to do with his activism: his friends thought activism to be a waste of time but they never expected him to deteriorate to this level. The messianic way in which he bothered others by constantly going out of his way to fill out government forms for them and fill their glasses with water got on their nerves frankly. His condition was characterized by irrational consignment of mental and physical resources or as one of his mates bluntly said thinking far too much and doing far too little. Eventually they ended his pleas for attention by telling Gregg that he was probably being monitored by the government for sheer lunacy and that seemed to placate him although his physical activity actually decreased from the resulting depression. It wasn't a depression based on the unfortunate circumstance of being spied upon. He couldn't maintain his mood while constantly entertaining his guests as he actually referred to the real or not government agents watching him. They thought it rather sad. His friends spent very little time with him. His current obsession with activism law which everyone understood to be fabricated completely was particularly ironic because of Gregg's lack of social relevance. A prep school ex junkie he appealed to the sensibilities of the one per cent or the richest top hundredth of the population who perhaps felt pity on account of his addiction. The rest of the population thought of him as a leech or a wren hawking above them annoyingly as he either rescued them or psychoanalyzed them depending on his interests at the time. He began talking in his sleep. It was difficult for the microphone to pick up his latest thoughts . . . Bothered by or literally imprisoned with... or taken out of context within... or without... I am the brother of him Man... that wicked construction of life which... harbors... interestingly... no relationship to God but only to  the worst parts of nature which I like Herod or Humunculus the Deranger can only cure. In cars in busses trucks and planes and such... that's how they might be found yes...  His favorite book A Confederacy of Dunces was lying on the coffee table. Inside this book taped to the back cover was a microphone. And through the signal of the microphone one man heard the words Gregg was speaking in his sleep. 'Profound' the agent thought. 'Truly remarkable.' When Gregg awoke he continued to jot down his thoughts on activism law and he yawned and said aloud before taking yet another nap that he 'loves the agents most of all who take him seriously and who feel better for knowing him.' It was warm respite for the man on the other end of the signal who thought far too much and did far too little.