The population built temples, monuments, and structures with their arms, yet their brains did not seek higher pleasures.
The candled altar flickered as the man inhaled for his next exhortation.
The only requirement the Kingdom places upon the dragon, Artheces, is that he forfeit his powers in the pursuit of conquering of the Kingdom until end of the twenty years.
The dragon is ancient and unchanging.
The clone dinner, popular with the Corn aliens a race yet to be discovered by humans was actually a GMO food prepared with vegetables like Lunchables for other species.
The crunchy joints were preferred by predators of the human, like macaroni and cheese for aliens.
The human meat shipped in frozen, prohibitively expensive plastic lunch cubes.
The meat tasted much like ham, but to those who refused to eat lower animals there was no substitute for human beings.
The second product besides the Lunchables line was the Clone A Friend line which almost suffered a costly recall before the very first shipment.
The slogan was, Just cook them in your oven when you're fuggin' done!
The sentient robot obliged, rotating its motor to magnify the DNA directly from its crystal cage.
The doctor ruffled his cheek feathers.
The face of the clones were chosen from among the most famous Earthlings, but the bodies were definitely not the same.
The standard body of the human clone was a middle weight female in her early 's, regardless of the sex of the celebrity whose face was attached.
The only worthwhile aspect of their culture was television especially the Kardashians.
The clones are remembering Earth!
The machine watched from satellite.
The computer appended its humor file with a quick joke.
The devil I anticipated, the dark, horned, toothy animal, wasn't quite what I saw through the lens of the Nat Geo photographer.
The Devil.
The earthworms in his Sonic cup would make lumpy triangles for hooking fish in the morning when the worms were stiff from cold.
The Devil is a dog.
The grim reaper his bitch!
The worms pointed upwards, reaching for the heavens.
The underwater algae was missing from the spot where the detonation pushed it outwards.
The Devil, it was known to all locals of Iron Curtain County, was a catfish.
The Devil was supposed to have a red plus on his underside.
The obvious tracks to and from his trail proved that he wasn't paying attention to what he was doing when he arrived to kill the Devil.
The kitchen is a symbol of the human collective in storytelling.
The lake; for it resembles our ancient watering hole.
The dining room is like a capacitor for human achievement.
The story was in real life a little different than as told in Book twelve of the Left Behind series.
The day the second rapture came, he was looking for asparagus in a supermarket near where he grew up.
The world sold over eighty percent of everyone's brains to an alien species.
The brains floating upwards to hovering boxes, which collected into a cloud and flew off into space almost before all the bodies fell.
The year after the end of the world.
The result?
The entire planet swept under this Psy song's virility.
The entire planet wouldn't be under duress like this until the alpaca escape and simultaneous dress debacle of .
The second attack the corporation that ruled Mars inflicted upon its own people was a great flood, and the aftermath would create a truly space faring race.
The survivors of the flood would rule a new Mars, with more resources per capita than ever before.
The first attack was a chain reaction of nuclear bombs.
The explosions mutated everyone in fantastic ways.
The workers were building their own world on Mars.
The cops were making sure they were taking care of their new reptilian children.
The neighborhood existed, yet they weren't allowed to visit others except through tube tunnels.
The police roamed outside, observed by GPS trackers by everybody.
The bombs are coming, she screamed.
The cops left just before she exploded, killing the family of Martian post nuclear survivors instantly.
The flurry of businessmen crowded around Caesar became excited.
The code is Dark Bat.
The yogis prefer these types because they're excellent at negating karmic debts.
The worst time I had in my first few months was meeting a young man who I did not recognize, although he appeared to be familiar with me.
The most depressing energy passed into me.
The Community of Elves concert was a double handed attempt at humiliating humans with elven music.
The community concert came, with a band called AC DC representing the humans' musical talents.
The weak spirits of the elves could not handle the booze and sex lifestyle of the human band.
The band allowed him to join on account of his enthusiasm and elvenness.
The question is % offensive.
The battles is between ones who believe we should follow what the voices tell us, and the ones who think we should never have sought their sources.
The disagreement is causing them to question if they want to cooperate with me or not.
The energy of each vocal and visual force was usually incompatible with other energies that contacted humans.
The voices are spreading.
The geriatric agent rotated in his barber's seat.
The agent assigned to him for today was holding his jacket like a newborn bird.
The old man said.
The stand off in the office room led to a phone call to the pseudo jihadists, ready with their robotic men to launch an empty plane into an empty building.
The population, a true % less than the reported .
The cosmonauts simply saw it as poor timing to go public with their findings.
The cognitive dissonance of such an attack did have an effect on whatever remained of the public since time stopped.
The cost of immortality is death, my sad, sad little friend.
The remote is an X box controller, I said into my earpiece to my dejected colleague.
The world was at eye level.
The baby I summoned thought this was hilarious, giggling for hours at night when it should be sleeping.
The baby eventually learned to talk and walked on two legs.
The baby God tried to summon other creatures, but being stuck with omniscience and not omnipotence, there wasn't much it could do other than wrinkle his nose and snap, snap, snap his fingers.
The wii wii name, Wii, is a wii bit the worst name in the history of the world.
The ones who did wore them with pride, being men with wives and men without wives as well, whose woven felt coats were gay.
The Russian man followed a single string into his warddrobe and found another world.
The American man found the sweater, and was taken to the North Pole.
The general area around the warddrobe was cleared of people.
The link to the Japanese president was connected.
The warddrobe door was opened slowly by the robot.
The news feed also showed of a felt parade on Sunday, celebrating the international continent spanning presidential threesome.
The bits of dinner rolls on the floor gave away the murder.
The first in hours, after a ten year record.
The woman removed a pill case from her white leather bag.
The rest is yours.
The ruffians who pranked television actors and talk show hosts would admit their mistake, even if a single person was murdered.
The kids were just too good.
The world just wasn't the same, anymore.
The wonderful spell the world had been under for a decade was breaking rapidly.
The two groups were in total disharmony, killing the balanced forces holding the world in peace.
The body was found near my apartment.
The exchange between the woman with the purse and Detective Bradley was short but powerful.
The murder of your world's innocence, she said.
The South American doctor from Peru silenced him with a whip of his cane.
The Peruvian man clinched his fingers, illustrating to the detective once again he needed to be quiet.
The path out of the rainforest would be direct and welcoming.
The doctor inched around to the backside and tried to push it over.
The golden statue, formed into the shape of a well decorated Buddha, was quite out of place.
The giant inside wanted out, the detective thought.
The doctor backed his feet into the ground to push even harder against the Buddha's underwear.
The first time you heard my name, I entered your soul.
The NSA agent didn't say anything for a while.
The swing ball came around and I tried to let loose on it like I could knock it off the pole.
The girlfriend said, Stop bullying him, Steve, but I wasn't being bullied.
The weapon first was used against civilians for riot control.
The energy source hadn't caught on.
The only color in our life until then, except for what you call a dull yellow, was monochromatic.
The world's biggest job industry completely replaced humans with autos.
The other jobs weren't so easily replaced, but eventually, employment was a thing of the past.
The daily habit was for people to explore the world around them at a molecular and atomic level.
The experience of the IQ booster was like having a very strong mind, so that everything that happened outside the mind did not matter.
The new generation, called Generation One, were miraculously successful in the 's at inciting human progress.
The moon was occupied, solar energy was utilized, and driving a car was banned.
The top item of the year was an override module for the autos.
The cop's facial skin rolled into his collar bone revealing robotic features underneath.
The robot toppled over as I jumped off the curb into a trashbin.
The robot was found guilty of entrapment through spam emails.
The law banning email spam was one of the only ways humanity could fight back.
The fourth world war of the unpunc race the one that would eventually kill them was due to an inappropriate memo, becoming highly offensive due to its lack of punctuation.
The unpuncs survived so long, because punctuation had never been introduced into their language.
The earthling from Spain, a troubadour named Ruis, unfortunately caused a butterfly effect from his improper editing of his letter to an innocent unpunc citizen.
The citizen went to authorities, and the resulting space war was simply too much for a culture to overcome without punctuation.
The message was improper for formal speech with an unpunc, and Ruis deeply regrets his error.
The vaccine has been administered.
The strangeness of the warm cup is what started this war.
The frozen tea prank was actually an alien conspiracy.
The tea was frozen instantaneously when the commander touched the mug.
The latest soldier continued packing his rifle.
The Tea Party Crusades continued for years.
The alien hummed above the earth.
The uncoordinated cleaning needed to be done before he stepped outside.
The team's name was Meta Mars.
The given lab may be Earth or Mars, or another mass with life within astronomical units from Earth.
The kitchen reminded him of a braindead sitcom.
The worst, to Howard, were the brands.
The enhancement his mother's girlfriend had undergone limits the person to a five year old's vocabulary.
The jacket suited men crowded around him.
The empty husk of a forgotten soda can, falling in a ditch.
The Will O' Wisps said one thing to each other.
The video game head was a broken television, with loudspeakers banging wargames in the background.
The Father was an officer of some degree I had rarely seen, except in passing civilians; intellectuals.
The flare I allowed to go up; it may predict the pattern of the next humans who pass through.
The laser sight gauged into my camera, and coded into me the truth: I was nothing more than two units.
The decoy worked.
The young boy emerged from the cabin.
The overhead panel had to be passed under to get to the kitchen, and my height was so much that I bumped my head with the panel.
The lid rolled off the ground and jumped into its place.
The languages came to me like butter in my expensive apartment, but I had no one to test it on all alone.
The center of their foreheads burst with red light, and their skull split perfectly by atoms in a hexagonal shape with a star's point facing down the bridge of their nose.
The alien dropped down to the frozen people, and simply harvested their brains.
The proposed theory from the directors for suing the invisible, sentient time travelers and/or computer imaging software responsible for the torrents was that time travelers stole their future masterpieces, or, they were even desperate enough to admit a computer may have rendered it although the movies still appeared to be from the future.
The slightly inaccurate quotes were typical of the movies, which primarily appeared to be high quality spoofs.
The mechanical nature of sound does not mix well with the sensual effect of touching with bare skin.
The synesthesia was most horrible with my sense of smell, as over a trillion scents popped like zits on the hairs in my nose responsible for smelling.
The superhuman paramilitary human clones.
The Pope was unavailable for comment, but Brother Miles said he didn't think he The Pope] would be coming out from the virtual reality war planning machine for quite some time.
The Pope] has the technology to wage screen battles from here to the west coast of Japan.
The AI system guiding them through the stars approved of their finding Earth.
The students inserted a tiny pin into the cluster.
The researchers pinpointed their absolute centers, and imploded by many powers of one million to the size of a human being from planet Earth onto the surface of Venus where their labs were built.
The radiation is then interpreted as a literal written book, with the word count and subject matter adjusted by calibrating the supercolliding molecules.
The scientists didn't know they had harvested Jon Bean.
The story so far was something like; Venetian colonists really have it wrong this time, they're harvesting writers from Earth, not drugs.
The entire class murmered in agreement.
The male strom is simply an alter net spelling for MAELSTROM.
The sperm has the power to ressurrect miniature versions of the other sperms sans genetic code given by the egg, and two of these creations are named Arturky and Rawn, both from the Harry Potter series.
The woman fighting them is a gollum.
The speakers chimed, Target acquired, in my liaison's sweet voice.
The speed trap town was a mediocre base for our enemy.
The town police had been supported solely by speeding tickets and now were a powerful checkpoint for catching escaping victims.
The rest of us would have a simple job to break the system now that we were aware it existed.
The speed trap was definitely sponsored by the worst criminals of my generation.
The slow realization she wasn't even driving took three steps to fructate.
The real skill lie in intimidating anyone while dressed like a clown.
The music was playing All About That Bass, and the skinny gals were getting pissed.
The clown raised his balloon sword.
The jock charged.
The beer was spilled.
The crowd was irate.
The whole bar crowd was facing the clown in expectation.
The crowd cheered in agreement.
The odds were against him.
The crowd toppled over each other for safety from the Bozo Clown.
The whole world just watches teevee, not knowing they're going to be taken.
The light blinked on, and off, and on, and off, and  My God, who's doing that?
The fan mysteriously kicked on, creating a breeze which caressed Janet's hair.
The light flicked off.
The other three turned to face James, who was writing in a notebook.
The door above the steps slammed shut, and Rinaulde was gagged.
The transportation industry is the largest job producer in the country.
The economy was going to bust anyway I thought, at least we'd stay productive.
The soldiers are chosen from the ranks to take on the aliens individually.
The last battle was a trans dimensional hell from which I can only hope to recover with a regimen of psychoactive drugs.
The battles aren't fights; it's like falling from the upper atmosphere with no protection from the friction.
The alien squad appeared, in my dreams, and bumped strange bubbles against my head, to test my consciousness.
The horrors of the acid trip were long and inconceivable.
The resistance effort started when I mailed a check I found on the ground for $,, to Satan with For Angel in the memo.
The Devil seems pretty nice, actually.
The seeds inside, absorbing the H encapsulated in their pods, slowly grew larger.
The stems impacts the ice shelf, leaving a small crack.
The Narwhal alerted the being in the realm above.
The only way to imagine him at his best were to assemble different memories from childhood into one perfect image of him.
The hilariousness was always coupled with bitterness; happiness with selfishness; soberness with anger; when he was friendly, he was always flirting with someone besides my mom.
The only way to recover was the song: Ah ma ha e, e ma ha an.
The certain sound of the song was remembered and it led me from death.
The app detected him shake the phone it was in his pocket and the simulated dice rolled.
The push notification alerted him, at the bottom of a staircase in his passed aunt's house.
The brushed nickle handle needed replacing.
The bathroom floor was crumbling from water damage.
The heat from the fireplace had transferred through the door.
The listing for the house said two bathrooms, not two and one half.
The green beneath you grows needy.
The vines shriveled.
The tarantula popped out of existence, with goo coming all over him.
The meteor is named MMXIV.
The public called him when the police department couldn't help.
The ghost was in front of him, in the simulated chapel on a dazzling throne.
The drum of his heart was missing.
The flashing pixels stayed within the dimensions of the image, on the top left, near the animals.
The foreground contained the trident used by fighters.
The fourth pixel was at the very tip of the trident.
The image you linked was a portal to another, living world.
The screen touched my nose.
The trident lowered to the ground and remained still.
The entire image froze.
The lives, the deaths, the stress and challenges of our lives were part a simulation for all humans.
The news was shocking to some.
The power struggle in the aftermath of the revelation triggered a violent uprising, and Sam made it to the top of the world by acquiring a huge arsenal.
The government began to feed on Facebook users to power their war machine.
The platform was designed for this kind of manipulation.
The businessmen fell for the trick, and helped me develop a marketing campaign to legalize marijuana.
The teenagers became more interested in each of my pro drug posts updated every day.
The evolution of President began with Obama.
The first mixed race black man to be elected gave America a new lease on life, and a new obsession with commander in chief.
The psychology of war had been turned on its head.
The robot president was a bridge to peace.
The question repeated in my thoughts.
The bow should not be doubted.
The arrow was centered on the Desi loves Gil heart etching.
The arrow may have flown slowly, but I must later catch it before it found Desi.
The artist was rich with friendship, and a healthy air of competition, and he bumbled along wire legged yet turbid in chase of the colleague.
The contest began that night.
The piece would be called Guernica.
The counterpart to Picasso's Guernica was made, of a slain horse, and skulls, and other terrible things.
The students only saw genius in the painting.
The time travelling Janes only saw the finish line of the universe.
The world only saw Picasso.
The bad people were named Joe and Diane, and their entire line of human supporters were going to come and get him, unless he told the Chief.
The alien Johhnybouxclyde of course saw everything, and five years later initiated a smear campaign to expose the human impersonators, Joe and Diane.
The realization I heard my shadow speaking to me came hard and blunt.
The world is your shadow, that is?
The essential truth can be summed in a few words.
The smallest and most inconspicuous say, the shadow wields the most power.
The baby was terribly ornery.
The little baby erupted in laughter.
The baby interrupted her with glutenous throw up.
The trick to this mission was to cockblock Han Solo and Princess Leia and prevent the baby from being born.
The clone had a very good shot at the rebels, and nearly fired.
The flowers become wildly huge, East of the Yondermost, in the East Yon, out by a further bearing than normal East.
The Sprigot Rabbits take home in honeyhive warrens throughout the land the greener part of the land, that is.
The Sprigot Rabbits are only matched in invisibleness by the Paper Florist Flower Patch Kids, which are tiny little elves that live sourly under their flowers.
The autobrake skid marks seemed to confirm it.
The shadow spoke in promises.
The mechanic Job approached his dream car.
The ' Eighty Nine was a bot controlled vehicular environment.
The second dust pile wistfully gazed on, all of them several hundreds hoping their own commander would spare them a battle.
The war was long, and the nations constantly resubscribed to cease fires and limited peace treaties.
The current cease fire protected the other commander, and it was through this treaty he was allowed to approach the platoon of soldiers across the field.
The six men behind him saluted.
The other's name was Samuel Langhorne Clemens.
The younger commander, killed by a time paradox, collapsed, and the writing career of one Mark Twain ended there.
The ice melted.
The last creative person on the team, Jake, was forced out by a pair of suited men.
The money wasn't in creativity.
The head executive Blanchard folded his hands.
The story would arc over a racing plot so convoluted there wouldn't need to be a finish line.
The executives ordered a camera crew to the first floor, and started to film the sequel inside corporate headquarters.
The title?
The CEO smiled.
The man Adolf Hitler had bamboozled us all.
The work he had made, and been nominated for, was simply...
The whistleblower Hitler will be cut down!
The feedback ringing from the man's megaphone deafened us all for a moment.
The crowd stepped on him.
The White House doors closed like great pearly gates on a world that just wanted to be heard.
The giant's name was Babella.
The people had sloughed off the control of the Inner Party like a huge, bucking bull.
The goal?
The information would still be there, anyway.
The file which outlined our system was emailed to the local government.
The world is simply a false one which I have mastered perfectly and without fail.
The message box displayed her typing for a long, long time.
The only requirement the Kingdom places upon the dragon, Artheces, is that he forfeit his powers in the pursuit of conquering of the Kingdom until end of the twenty years.
The devil I anticipated, the dark, horned, toothy animal, wasn't quite what I saw through the lens of the Nat Geo photographer.
The bombs are coming, she screamed.
The code is Dark Bat.
The cost of immortality is death, my sad, sad little friend.
The remote is an X box controller, I said into my earpiece to my dejected colleague.
The murder of your world's innocence, she said.
The strangeness of the warm cup is what started this war.
The frozen tea prank was actually an alien conspiracy.
The empty husk of a forgotten soda can, falling in a ditch.
The entire class murmered in agreement.
The Devil seems pretty nice, actually.
The world is your shadow, that is?
The flowers become wildly huge, East of the Yondermost, in the East Yon, out by a further bearing than normal East.
The Sprigot Rabbits take home in honeyhive warrens throughout the land the greener part of the land, that is.
The Sprigot Rabbits are only matched in invisibleness by the Paper Florist Flower Patch Kids, which are tiny little elves that live sourly under their flowers.
the officer asked.
the jock's friend said, assisting the jock.
