They were mindless clones sold by toy companies to give edible companions to children.
They squirmed, but no one saw them reach up to the lid mindlessly, somehow programmed to make it to the surface with no real brain or eyes.
They don't know what they were missing.
They named her Lickem, after all.
They said many things we had about history were wrong, most of which happened before /, but the event itself was not excluded.
They wanted to watch Family Guy a full % more as an effect of the September th attacks.
They're the gay prefects.
They'll establish a connection via the president to the man.
They simply think he's gone insane.
They didn't trust humanity.
They wanted to live forever, and they possibly could, but humanity itself got in the way.
They were immune from themselves.
They were flowers, written in the memo of that day in my head.
They touched the hems of his clothing, to test if it was costume.
They just go to hell and regroup.
They needn't a flare to signal ME.
They must be dead.
They weren't superheroes.
They weren't fighting anybody.
They splashed into the surface and swam down, to a giant polyp in the Milky Way where planet Earth was found.
They swirled through the vacuum above the galaxies much larger, on a scale most cannot conceive, than the cluster of coral cascading down the ridge below.
They were among dust motes and tiny egg sacs, not heroes and monsters.
They stomped on a dusty path.
They spun around, and jumped into the sled, turning down the hill leading into the lake.
They gained valued experience points by harvesting the galaxy.
They're taking your brain even though they don't know it's you to the language processing unit, or LPU a giant rack of supercolliding iron atoms with your brain at the center.
They think they're turning it into more crystal drug matter.
They weren't superheroes.
They were destined to travel space, and must know the codes of interstellar travel and research guidelines from a very early age, yes, but superheroes they were not.
They woke up before the ending.
They're just selling them to us, the people, out of cruelty.
They're pack animals, able to mentally communicate far better than any of us.
They helped me get financial assistance to live on my own, and after a few years, I started selling weed.
They named his ministry 'the psychopomps'.
They all told me the same mastermind theory, and remarked that I must be evil, too, as well as a mastermind, or they'd be damned.
They would be better off.
They want to just get their business done and get out.
They had started an international crime ring under the guise of the aliens.
They're the gay prefects.
They just go to hell and regroup.
They're taking your brain even though they don't know it's you to the language processing unit, or LPU a giant rack of supercolliding iron atoms with your brain at the center.
They think they're turning it into more crystal drug matter.
