When nothing happened, things started to happen.
When the police came tonight, he would have to pretend like he was one of the millions who survived the attack but didn't know another was coming.
When he went to work, he was nearly stepped upon.
When he saw the novelette, he thought there were some advantages due to the quality of the submission.
When they come for you, fight without mercy.
When your name is Wii, it happens a lot.
When you meet me, your world will turn upside down.
When your daughter was born, we overcame her asthma and later, when your divorce tore up her life, I helped you comfort her.
When you became entranced by your computer, I saw the way you used it as an escape.
When he fell asleep before me, I started having the thoughts again.
When the stage of smell sense mixed with touch sense was finally over, it had been thirty minutes, and I finally noticed a friend of mine crouched below.
When you realize that the monstrosity of the holocaust was in fact Russia's fault, your modern history books may seem useless.
When the proof came, Sarah departed and I was promoted.
When the time is right, I want us to wait, and revel in the scent of each other's ultimate satisfaction.
When I challenged Microsoft's lead in autos autonomous, driverless cars I expected the immediate whiplash upon entering the market.
When one is chosen for battle, we put the paper square on our tongue, and pray for the best.
When my battle began, the paper square seemed to explode in size, and my head was launched into space.
When I came to, a part of the aliens was inside me.
When I started seeing images of my son Jon being burned up and resurrected, I quested for him instead.
When I got rid the first sack I was selling, vowed to quit passing dope.
When my dad is humble, it's only because he wants to use you.
When I was at peak operations, I had so much information that I asked for help compiling it for my report.
When he shelled the men, it was known by the dust motes he was destroying a part of his own legacy.
When the storyboard wrecked across the first cork board and onto the next, and as the corporate executives were drawing costume ideas for the big breasted foreign spies Can we get the same ladies as the prequel?
When the next milestone was reached after graduation, we would report our data.
When your name is Wii, it happens a lot.
When the time is right, I want us to wait, and revel in the scent of each other's ultimate satisfaction.
