The kitchen is a symbol of the human collective in storytelling. Only stories with intimate kitchen scenes make their way into the collective psyche. Like Jurassic Park, whose kitchens became hunting-grounds for velociraptors. Or any Disney movie with a singing teakettle. Evangelion, and other shows who specifically apply to the great human collective, uses a kitchen to advance a romance between protagonists. There are other symbolic parts we use in storytelling to announce the collective. The lake; for it resembles our ancient watering hole. A lake is like a natural watering hole. Thus, whenever humanity is replaced by a single huge body of water a-la Brian's Song, you know the lake is a metaphor for survival. Just down the hall from the kitchen, where people often ponder how they relate to the outside world or meet together, sits the dining hall, which serves an entirely other purpose. In the living room, or dining hall, is where deep personal changes are made. Inside a house, a character will store his energy in the dining area, and release it in the kitchen. The dining room is like a capacitor for human achievement. Symbolically, the kitchen its transistor, and the whole house a circuit board for civilization. Sparkling, mystical, cerebral intonations hummed while the angels rose into the air on waves. Fire and angels created a dull roar, and Rayford Steele balked at the spectacle of the second rapture. Human brains were being lifted up into spaceships, rising on heat waves. Reports from his Air Force buddies said the brains were being preserved as artifacts. No heaven. No hell. Just anti-freeze in your brain up in space, thought Rayford. I'm done, he said over the phone to his boss. I can't keep fighting to make it to the Millennial Kingdom anymore, since this second rapture thing has got to be the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard. Then, it happened. People pumped through newly formed pathways in post-apocalyptic malls where they reflected on the coming, going, and second coming of Jesus Christ not their savior. The story was in real life a little different than as told in Book twelve of the Left Behind series. Actually, the Glorious Appearing was going to be of an alien ship, which told the new world leaders (and surreptitiously not the public at large) they were inducing a second rapture. And this time, it was personal. The day the second rapture came, he was looking for asparagus in a supermarket near where he grew up. Almost everyone else had gone to heaven. He was working for the Air Force and doing other things for a living as you probably know from the Left Behind series. He thought, if aliens rapture only some of us, then what will that mean for the ones Left Behind this time? Are they the good guys, who get raptured, then? It sounded too good to be true, and it was. Rayford wasn't raptured. He remembered that feeling of being left behind. It's not pleasant. It's a jealous, bad feeling, like when you see the ones who supported Satan rule the world after rapture. Or maybe when you learned the ones whose brains will go to a space ship are getting a simulated sex sandbox. He wouldn't let it go down like that. He fought hard in the polls, but democracy was a joke. This was really going to happen, and theywere going to invite it. The world sold over eighty percent of everyone's brains to an alien species. It didn't seem like the right thing to do, especially with the boost in population after the rapture giving us hope. Then it happened. The brains floating upwards to hovering boxes, which collected into a cloud and flew off into space almost before all the bodies fell. And he wasn't one of them. He joined Nicolae. He had to. There was no choice. And in so doing he formed the last Marvel/DC alliance this side of the galaxy will ever see.  I've got bladder problems. My whole mother's side gets UTI's like crazy. It's kind of personal, but, I don't mind seeding a relationship from time to time. My current boyfriend just doesn't understand. He doesn't want dirty sex with a potentially diseased girlfriend. I just deal with the pain and move on. It acts up when its raining. All that water really makes me go. You're the same way? Oh, I suppose we all are. It's so strange, you know. We used to eat and drink all the time. Before climate change gave us our sun, I mean. You think they used to have solar magnifiers back in the day? They don't know what they were missing. Anyway, my UTI is getting between me and my boyfriend. I think he doesn't want to stay together. Oh, Marc. Don't say that! He's probably awake. I think he'll notice, okay? Oh my! Touch my roots again.  2013. The year after the end of the world. When nothing happened, things started to happen. Certain media tactics had been learned by the people. Famous YouTube-users were coming out of their mothers' basements and Asian-American CIA spies had infiltrated North Korea's neighbor, South Korea. The result? A smash hit. Gangnam Style. More like Gangnam planet, am I right? The entire planet swept under this Psy song's virility. All because of the language barrier: those in Asia thinking it was sung in English, and those in English-speaking countries thinking it was in Korean. The entire planet wouldn't be under duress like this until the alpaca escape and simultaneous dress debacle of 2015. Not to mention the actual Vietnam gang the song got its name from. Full of subliminal messages and subterfuge, the media landscape was a head-spinning mindfuck.  I made it here with my stalwart darling, the astronaut said. Your stalwart darling, sir? You've made it to the edge of the universe, or so you say. How does one get that far without going insane? asked the command center. I've made it this far by flying, sir. But there is no edge of the universe and the team thinks you've lost your mind out there in the blackness of space. No, it's the edge of the universe. That's for sure. 20 astronomical units is a long way to go at lightspeed, but the man wasn't going lightspeed at all. In fact, he was floating outward in the precise speed of an ejection pod of an earthly spaceship called Apollo 9. He was talking to himself. That's the ticket! Eyes glazed over, the astronaut muttered one last thing. My stalwart darling; the one who wanted a Caesar.  Are we noshing on foie gras? I asked. Yes, I suppose we are, she said suggestively. I pulled my biggest duck face out, with my duck-billed cap of Nintendo Duck Hunter complimenting my worn out frown. I was made to nosh this, but first I must state my objection to all force-fed ducks and their force feeding for the purposes of fattening the liver and in that way torturing the ducks for their entire lives, mind you.   Well, one of them is 2-dimensional. Trees, it's the trees, friend. Welcome to Terreria, the dwarf said. But where's my player select screen? You don't get one. You're a nameless, faceless nothing in Minecraft. Hey, there's faces in Minecraft. But you're right, you do need a username instead of just a name. Good catch. Hey, we're in this together, player one said. Your name is Malcovich, the dwarf said. Malcovich malcovich malcovich. Malcovich? Malcovich!!! Malcovitch said.  It was a good plan. His orders from the prophets were to load the ship with animals. It was as natural as praying for rain. Behold, rain would come. He and the others who knew of the Ark must remain quiet. It was the planet's only hope.  Mor'jubah lined himself up in the washbasin and a blue-green insect flew out of the tub. He started the steaming stream of water. Could he get out in time? His job required him to miss the main ship. He worked undercover, and he could blow the whole plan if he ditched work on the day of the flood. When the police came tonight, he would have to pretend like he was one of the millions who survived the attack but didn't know another was coming. The second attack the corporation that ruled Mars inflicted upon its own people was a great flood, and the aftermath would create a truly space-faring race. The survivors of the flood would rule a new Mars, with more resources per capita than ever before. In fact, only about point oh one per cent were intended to survive. Open up, they're coming, his wife said. He wiped his face clean and gave his inlaid mirror one last look. Goodbye, Astra. Underwater, there were no neighbors. Houses were nearby, but the police kept him from socializing. He woke up in this house with his wife and two kids after the first attack. The first attack was a chain reaction of nuclear bombs. The explosions mutated everyone in fantastic ways. Some shrank. Some grew. Whatever happened, Mars knew the end of the world was coming. Sleeping in the underwater house and taking a tube-tunnel to work above-ground wasn't the only new part of his strange life. Everyone at work were giants. He lived like a tiny polyp, blending in the coral. When he went to work, he was nearly stepped upon. It was a free-for-all. Miniature men would push against the cyclone of old consumer products, whirling around in the many places that hadn't been fixed since the dimensional shift. The workers were building their own world on Mars. His people would be going into space on the Ark. But first, they had to get to normal size . . . His daughter, the egg-laying dinosaur, mewed as he tidied up for the police visit. He lost his daughter in the explosion. That's how he had to think of it. She wasn't her, anymore. Something pummeled hard on the door. Open. It's the police. Let them in dear, his wife said, pretending the situation wasn't strange at all. The cops were making sure they were taking care of their new reptilian children. He swung the door open. Whenever the front door opened, there was a chance to escape. The neighborhood existed, yet they weren't allowed to visit others except through tube-tunnels. The police roamed outside, observed by GPS trackers by everybody. We watched them fly circles around our house, and prayed they would be attacked at headquarters and be forced to leave.
