A reaction to some cosmonauts' discovery that nobody had ever actually been to the moon. The stand-off in the office room led to a phone call to the pseudo-jihadists, ready with their robotic men to launch an empty plane into an empty building. The population, a true 99% less than the reported 7.5 billion, were all swayed in their patriotism. The cosmonauts simply saw it as poor timing to go public with their findings. The cognitive dissonance of such an attack did have an effect on whatever remained of the public since time stopped. They wanted to watch Family Guy a full 3% more as an effect of the September 11th attacks. Seen as a minor event in the major scale of things, 9/11 coverups were forgiven, but never forgotten. Nothing comes without a price, Ivy said, wearing her green cape. Her red lips and pink, high-arched cheekbones hovered over the man, lying over a tourniquet with a machine plugged into his arm. The cost of immortality is death, my sad, sad little friend. I've got it. This isn't half as bad as the time I was 3D printed on Saturn. The remote is an X-box controller, I said into my earpiece to my dejected colleague. Use that to steer the tyrannosaurus rex. I'm on it, sir, Raven said. I am part of this team for a reason. I was meant to be here. I'll do my job, now. I'll do it with pride. I tried not to cut him off. She's going in through my bone marrow. It burns, bro! Hurry up. I was thinking the commands to trigger the words, using a special code language meant to be disguised in torture situations. Does that hurt? Ivy said. Calm yourself. I'm used to torture. It's Batman we're here for. Why don't you tell us where he's at? He's on the cloud, she said, examining the square of his skin which had been removed. His distinctiveness has been manifested into the fold as part of the entire collective agency. Otherwise known as the cloud. He's become a damned Zorg. And I'm next.  He could see everything. The world was at eye-level. Whenever the being came down and killed his parents, he thought nothing of it. He had summoned beings since very early in his life, starting with chimeras. He moved up to human babies, and eventually, pseudo-omniscient or all-knowing ones. This one knew how to kill all religious people with the snap of his fingers. Not long after being mindful of that fact, he did it. It started a grandfather paradox somehow, because all-knowing powers screw with time or something, and my parents disappeared. Everyone was gone except the atheists. The baby I summoned thought this was hilarious, giggling for hours at night when it should be sleeping. The baby eventually learned to talk and walked on two legs. He said, I am good. You worship me. People weren't convinced easily, but as soon as he performed miracles of the mind, some people started worshiping him. Most still regarded him as a very talented person instead, without choosing to worship him. The baby God tried to summon other creatures, but being stuck with omniscience and not omnipotence, there wasn't much it could do other than wrinkle his nose and snap, snap, snap his fingers. I'm convinced you must worship me as God, he said to me one morning. But you know I'm an imp, or demon. Why did you create me in the first place? I have something to explain to you, older baby-child. You're a robotic program. I made you with my Linux computer in 1991. You're an extremely late-cycle prodigy program developed my colleagues and me at the CIA. I'm ... shocked at this news, Dad, and I don't think my outputs will ever be right again. I'm not your Dad, robot.  Have you ever heard of the Wii wars? Me neither, until wii we discovered the wii wii. My name is Wii. The wii wii name, Wii, is a wii bit the worst name in the history of the world. It is a swear word in every language. Wii, it's wii true, is the wii. It's every wii swear word, now. Not just in every language. But wii, it's the way it is. When your name is Wii, it happens a lot. Don't worry about it. Wii, I'm so wii sorry. Wii. I did it again. I said don't worry about it. Hey, I don't even wii think about it anymore. But tying down every swear word into one word for every language. It's devastating for anyone named that same word. Which, as you would expect, you're the only one on wii planet Earth named Wii. Not the only one. Just the only one in the Northern Hemisphere. But he goes by another name, the fisherman said, pouring fish eggs out of the belly. Iiw, that's disgusting. I wii hate it when you give us your fake Australian accent. It's my only relief, Wii said dejectedly.  A struggling writer cursed to be alone was on Facebook, watching his friends live their lives. Some women wore belts of chaste, and men wore shirts of the science fiction author Faraday. Many of these clothes were found to be 'gay' or, what gay really means is made of felt. Not all men wore the woven felt clothes. The ones who did wore them with pride, being men with wives and men without wives as well,  whose woven felt-coats were gay. Happy gay, the second definition of gay, was used for all official documents. In some versions, gay also meant felt or made of felt. Only the bravest men wore these felt sweaters. Leaders of men known as presidents, Obama and Putin among them. Felt sweaters were known to be pretty good to wear on Fridays. Saturdays was different. If felt was found within the vicinity of the master warddrobe in a house on a Saturday, the president would visit you and give you a stern talking. It happened so rarely that no presidential visits needed to happen. Until one particularly cold summer, the president had visited only three men whose master warddrobes were officially caught with felt near them. A tiny curl here, or an entire sweater was found on these men. In various countries were these men caught, Russia, America, and Japan. The Russian man followed a single string into his warddrobe and found another world. The American man found the sweater, and was taken to the North Pole. Japan, however, was caught with a different kind of felt. A felt mannequin known as a sock puppet was found in the Japanese man's room, which indicated an entire felt world lay behind his warddrobe. Let them by, the police commissioner said in Japanese. They're the gay prefects. They'll establish a connection via the president to the man. The general area around the warddrobe was cleared of people. Stand back. The link to the Japanese president was connected. The warddrobe door was opened slowly by the robot. A single man stood with his back to the door, and another one sat beside him, filming a pin up. Obama was filming Putin in a dress. Won't you join us, Mr. President? The news feed also showed of a felt parade on Sunday, celebrating the international continent-spanning presidential threesome.  The bits of dinner rolls on the floor gave away the murder. Class A homicide. The first in 25 hours, after a ten-year record. Nobody killed anyone anymore. Notice the struggle. I admit, I was struggling myself to even understand what happened. In one day, two homicides. Totally exceptional. It appears the woman attempted to crush the bread on her attacker's body, then toppled backward. This matches the corpse report from Science. Have we ruled out accidental death, Detective Bradley? You're telling me we're here because a woman accidentally fell back in her chair and her face was caved in from eating too much bread, maybe? You think she imploded when the food touched her lips? Did her husband pitch the dinner roll with the wrong kind of curve? Detective. Ten years is nearly an eon in homicide. Welcome to a new era, brother. Would you murder one innocent person to cure world hunger? Rolling my eyes, I said, Sure, hoping to end it. It must be done in 24 hours. The woman removed a pill case from her white leather bag. My purse contains many things that can help you. These are mine. The rest is yours. A drug deal in reverse. Ha. Ha. You must be insane. In 25 hours, I found out the woman was very far from it. Detective Bradley ran over the cases behind the burn of a Marvin cigarette. Two women. Both totally unremarkable--definitely not a fame shame gone wrong. The ruffians who pranked television actors and talk show hosts would admit their mistake, even if a single person was murdered. The kids were just too good. He remembered the dystopian world he came from, where detectives never ruled out abhorrent human behavior. The world just wasn't the same, anymore. A corpse in front of me, I backed away with the hammer in my hand. Blood dripped in a thin stream down its handle. World hunger, be damned. Nobody should have to die for such a thing. She'll be famous, the woman said in her supple voice. She grabbed the purse, slipping the hammer inside. She took a single red pill and swallowed it. You made her famous. She only had to . . . die. Detective Bradley heard the news. The wonderful spell the world had been under for a decade was breaking rapidly. Food supplies were mishandled and contaminated in Peru. Tensions between the Buddhas and the doctors were escalating at a surprising level. The two groups were in total disharmony, killing the balanced forces holding the world in peace. But where's my man? I heard the news. World hunger had been solved. Peace in the Middle East. Human longevity breakthroughs. What had happened when she murdered the woman appeared to be a wonderful spell put on the world. Murdering was strangely all worth it. She doesn't exist, the man said on the other end of the phone. She's not a person, Detective Bradley. Two murders, but only one victim with any known life at all. I'll get back to you, Detective Bradley said. I found out another person was murdered the day before. The body was found near my apartment. I think she was a teacher. None of that matters. I saved the world. The exchange between the woman with the purse and Detective Bradley was short but powerful. She admitted to one murder. The murder of your world's innocence, she said.
