These words were inscribed in the ancient language at the foot of the statue. Hills and countries. Not exactly poets, were the Mayans? Detective Bradley wished he could go home. The South American doctor from Peru silenced him with a whip of his cane. Shush, you fool. You'll awaken Shidave. Please, not more tales of the Shidave. Shidave, he is here. He could eat you whole. He could eat us all in one big bite. Chomp. The Peruvian man clinched his fingers, illustrating to the detective once again he needed to be quiet. Bradley's machete hand was worn bare against the vines. The path out of the rainforest would be direct and welcoming. We must rope him. Rope him? Detective Bradley brought his camera for ending the doctor's insane plans. Last time, they dug below a newfound statue until it nearly toppled on top of the tractor. Yes, rope him, like last time, The doctor followed the edge of the statue to the backside. Remarkable. Shidave, can must explain. Shidave, the one insane. Inside he sleeps, with brain. Still thinking on, insane. The doctor inched around to the backside and tried to push it over. The golden statue, formed into the shape of a well-decorated Buddha, was quite out of place. The giant inside wanted out, the detective thought. It wanted to be sold. Just take a scratching of the poem and let's load this thing up. One moment, the doctor said. He pushed on the backside of the sitting Buddha. It was the Buddha's underwear, the detective noticed. Although the golden statue was adorned with a headpiece, earrings, and sandals, he still wore the simple pants of a fat sumo wrestler. Can you imagine how large the being inside must be? Yes, I said with a certain manner of derision. We learned that giants walked the Earth. Amazing. The doctor backed his feet into the ground to push even harder against the Buddha's underwear. It didn't budge. Help me, he said. Detective Bradley grabbed the rope instead, and wrapped it all the way around the base of the statue, covering the inscriptions. He then returned to the tractor in the clearing, and manned the thing himself. Shidave be damned.  I'm not for the faint of heart. I can kill you without trying. I'm a shock in your system. When you meet me, your world will turn upside down. I'm Jesus. Jesus Christ. The first time you heard my name, I entered your soul. Your heart is an open book to me. Through me, you will be redeemed. Remember that. It hurts to tell you that I've seen you sin. I've seen your dirty hands perform tasks unfit for God and heaven. I will punish you in my way. There's nothing you can do. There's no vine for what's going to happen to you. No meme will accurately describe the hell I can send to you. We used to work together, you and I. We used to part the waters. When your daughter was born, we overcame her asthma and later, when your divorce tore up her life, I helped you comfort her. I am with her, also. I am with your ex-wife. I am with your mother, your father, and your sister. But I am not with you, anymore. Say my name. Jesus. It comes to your lips like a memory as you start the car. In the rain, you can barely see. I'm watching you, Bryan. I'm watching your dating app activity. Jesus, forgive me for I have sinned. It's coming back to you, now. You remember why you believed in me. I can tell you what you did wrong. You kicked me out, Bryan. Your habits took over your life, and you became lifeless without me. You fell. Driving through the dark, past the streetlights, I descend upon you. You can feel my spirit, and it is good. Jesus, forgive me. I am capable of forgiving you as others are not. When you became entranced by your computer, I saw the way you used it as an escape. To me, it is bridge under the water. I am a personal God. Your cell phone rings. You received a text. You can't check it while driving. You wonder what it says. It says she's ready for your date. Knock, knock. Hello? A young girl answers the door. My name is Bryan. Your mom is expecting me. You offer the flowers as an explanation.  Hi! I'm from the NSA. You have a problem. W-what? I pressed record. You're paranoid and you need to get help. I activated my home-scripted call trace app. And? You called me, didn't you? You're not speaking to anyone of any importance. I'm an occupational therapist. You're in a very bad place, right now. You don't think anyone understands. Closing the shutters, I retrieved my Faraday helmet (for blocking out mind-readers.) You know me so well. The NSA agent didn't say anything for a while. I'm sorry, John. I smiled.  I was not totally positive he was trying to bother me. Is that okay? Is that okay? That's okay. Okay, I said. The swing-ball came around and I tried to let loose on it like I could knock it off the pole. That would have been a little challenging, really. My brother's buddy (my brother was a social chameleon) hi-fived the orange swing-ball with little effort and it came a-swinging on back to me. In the exact precise motion I had made previously, I tried again to knock it off the pole. I got stuck in these behavior loops sometimes, and that's when I was doing okay. Okay? The girlfriend said, Stop bullying him, Steve, but I wasn't being bullied. I didn't think so. I clubbed the swing-ball again. Okay?! I swung my head toward my brother but he was in his own thoughts. Okay! Say something else, ya nitwit, Steve muttered. I know you're capable of having a decent conversation. Like once a year. He brought the swing-ball around the pole a little more slowly. Okay! My brother wanted to take a nap, but sleep is for the weakening and the decrepit. His other buddy, who didn't have a girlfriend, would have thought my brother to be a pussy if he went home for a nap. I didn't want to sleep at all. At the edge of my thoughts the realizations I had been having were threatening to burst through. I thought, these lies weren't true. But I couldn't be lying to myself could I? I could definitely ask mom again, this time forcing the truth out of her, once and for all. But for now I was a-playing. You just chill. Is that okay? Okay! That night, my brother said he couldn't believe I was going to ask mom again. Mom, am I retarded? I said. My brother threw his napkin at me. Oh come on! For fuck's sake, you're not retarded! he shouted. Mom, tell him so we can go to bed. When he fell asleep before me, I started having the thoughts again. Were my classes for special people? Did my friends think there was something wrong with me? Did I have any real friends? Why was I so sad all the time? I'd ask mom again in the morning, before my brother woke up. I had trouble talking when I wasn't with my brother, and I got totally mad at mom, and she said something that makes me think that mom thinks I'm retarded. She said, You're lucky. Of course I'm not fucking lucky, I'm depressed all the time and I can barely do schoolwork or make any friends! I couldn't say that. I just went straight to my brother and said, You're lucky. Lucky I have you, he said laughing. He keeps my head on straight.  Sound was utilized as the main means of war. Microwave guns that projected sound into an enemy's skull were used in various ways to incapacitate an entire hostile force. The weapon first was used against civilians for riot-control. During the Sonic War, the technology became something far, far more devastating on the battlefield. A single microwave tower could defend against an entire army, pulsing painful sound waves into the heads of attackers. A technical engineer, Nil Robinson, discovered the weapon could be used quite differently, however. Notice the way the man covers his ears, yet he cannot stop the sound. That's because the tower sends the signal not to his ears, but to his brain. I first saw this in action in the Miami riot, the first real application of this weapon. My imagination ran wild. Robinson, the United States cannot depend on annoying its enemy to win the war. We could get them where it hurts. Behind the front-lines, in the civilian sector, where the war is really won. How can you justify wasting military resources on sending music into the heads of our enemy? You haven't heard this album, my friend. It's something incredible. It was a new kind of music that Nil Robinson claimed would incapacitate the citizens of the dictator's country. Just exactly how that would happen, no one quite understood. He demonstrated his new tactic at Guantanamo Bay. You see, the men in the other cells do not hear the music we are sending to our target. They simply think he's gone insane. Whenever he mentions the music, his cell-mate immediately starts to distrust him. After a few weeks, you can be assured this man will have no social power at all in the prison. We cannot wait weeks. We need answers now. Do you intend to decimate the credibility of an entire country in a matter of moments?
