But he wasn't, they said. The bow should not be doubted. I am not doubting the bow, friends. I simply do not believe it is a risk by marrying her. I was speaking to her the first time it was truly foreshadowed to happen. We were discussing the cake, I'll be damned... Double chocolate, my fiance? I asked. Why yes, darling man. And before she could kiss me, an arrow flew into the bakery, between us, over the counter, and into a sample of double chocolate on a rack behind the cashier. And it happened again, when we said goodbye to the wedding planner. We were beside a tree photographing. Thwerp. The arrow was centered on the Desi loves Gil heart etching. The arrow may have flown slowly, but I must later catch it before it found Desi. As she walked down the wedding aisle with my father, I cursed the mystics and all related to them once more. We would survive this wedding, because I believed in the power of the bow. My wonderful wife, smiling, said her vows. Right through the crowd came the arrow. Right through my wife's heart it pierced.  Race ya! Touring the Spanish countryside on bicycle wasn't supposed to be possible in 1937 because of the threat of war. A lot of things weren't supposed to be possible, yet many of them happened on Earth. Pablo Picasso was one of them. The artist was rich with friendship, and a healthy air of competition, and he bumbled along wire-legged yet turbid in chase of the colleague. He raced to the finish line, as those racing types say, and with suffocation mumbled his displeasure. Yet you've fallen behind in scruples, Janus, you American Prince, Picasso said. I know you couldn't finish me in a mural contest. The contest began that night. Picasso had invited several important friends, besides his colleague Janus. Strangely, Janus missed the first few minutes of the opening ceremony of the competition. It was all to enrage Picasso, who began furiously making orders for canvas a size larger than Janus could dream of wanting. Janus, fashionably late, made a toast upon arriving. May we all live in regret of wars past, and prevent wars in future--even if we must transcend the present moment to change the future. If we can imagine, you must actually travel in time to your destination… Yet Picasso could not listen. The piece would be called Guernica. It was to depict a kind of art unseen previously on Earth, and to celebrate the birth of his children in Guernica, Spain, the place that had seen peace for many years. And many, many more years would pass, until Earth was evacuated in 2037 for the planet's moon, then the planet Mars, and finally, to the center of the universe, where they met us, the Janes. It was us Janes, working as Janus, that prevented the Spanish Civil War, and changed the face of Guernica forever. Some historical artifacts of Earth were preserved by us into floating islands, perfectly atmospheric for humans and pleasurable academic trips. Yet only a few real memories of earth survived, through careful preserving by the Janes throughout time. Because of the lack of historical interest, the floating islands of Earth were overlooked by human schools. So the problem remained: the human problem. Which mortals would visit, after the dying away of Earth culture in the fifty thousand years following 1937, if not the human students? It was the immortal Janus who found our answer. He travelled again to 1937, through sheer effort of interstellar will, and made history. He painted a mural so devastating that all would be touched upon viewing. He buried it underground, for centuries to pass above. The counterpart to Picasso's Guernica was made, of a slain horse, and skulls, and other terrible things. It was never seen by man, because Janus pretended to have not completed it. It was also called Guernica, and to all the universe, it was a symbol of peace. The students only saw genius in the painting. The time-travelling Janes only saw the finish-line of the universe. The world only saw Picasso.  He was walking to tell them all. He was walking to free them. He walked, for life, liberty, and in pursuit of a happiness that was so far and away from what anyone had felt in ages. He knew what was going wrong, he knew who did it, he knew how they got everything done--behind closed doors, without accountability; inhuman; monstrous shadows; human shells of themselves; broken, like him. The bad people were named Joe and Diane, and their entire line of human supporters were going to come and get him, unless he told the Chief. He always walked briskly, but usually with no direction. Now, with his quickness and determination or motivation (his goal in mind), he seemed even more powerful than before, as chosen head communique between the alien race, Johhnybouxclyde (and the other race, Dianeamorama), heading to the water fountain of merciful life. Eternal life, he thought. It was such a momentous thought that he repeated it, loudly, on the ET communique line, 'eternal life!' Of course the others may not have heard him, such as they were probably already abducted. They would be better off. He entered the bathroom behind the fount and barked his commands. Not a single one of them want help. They want to just get their business done and get out. Not me. Not me, by Johhnybouxclyde. By Johhnybouxclyde, I'll... And the police found him like that, exiting the bathroom, and pushed him down. You're under arrest! He was non-compliant, and after a severe beating, was knocked unconscious. The alien Johhnybouxclyde of course saw everything, and five years later initiated a smear campaign to expose the human impersonators, Joe and Diane. They had started an international crime ring under the guise of the aliens. Their number one spy had ratted them out. It was our homeless man. And all of this was revealed by him during the final bloody sniffles of his murder scene. Chief always knew.  What are you doing, my colorful friend? The realization I heard my shadow speaking to me came hard and blunt. Quickly I became a madman. Just keep it quiet around the others, will you? I said, avoiding the light, paradoxically jumping into shadows, where his voice was stronger--so I jumped into the light, where his voice was sharper and more crisp--and I finally gave up. I had prepared a speech. What, just what do you think you're doing speaking? And how do you expect me to believe that my shadow can talk? I am not your shadow. You are mine. So my world seemed to be the light cast by my own shadow. The world is your shadow, that is? No, you are mine. Just you. Let me show you. And so a void opened up in my heart, as I felt into the deep blackness of the truth of the universe, and I learned that my shadow was correct. The essential truth can be summed in a few words. The smallest and most inconspicuous--say, the shadow--wields the most power. And the counterpart: my huge, visible body--that was merely a colored-in representation of the shadow itself.  Not now. The baby was terribly ornery. But wa-wa! Wa-wa! Dismissing the child, the mother took a long, slow bite of her chicken marinara. I never get these moments to myself, John. John fed the bottle into the child's mouth. Just as soon as we get out of here, I'm going to give you a tummy buzz! A tummy buzz! Tummy tummy tummy! The little baby erupted in laughter. But what about the jogs we take in the morning? Those? Jamie asked. What about the jogs? You get privacy on those. Yes, and I'm also running. Away from something. Away from life. The baby interrupted her with glutenous throw-up. Here comes Adam. Adam cooed the baby and sat in a chair next to Jamie. What's up, guys? Jamie ate a little more quickly, as if Adam was going to steal some of her lunch. John, you see the news about the baby who won a lottery ticket? John, finishing up with the baby, smiled. A baby won the lottery? Adam waited for the napkin to disappear, making sure no puke got on himself. No, a baby won a lottery ticket. Jamie scowled. Oh, is that legal? John asked. It isn't legal for a baby to purchase a lottery ticket, but if it's a prize, the baby is entitled to it--unless it wins, in which case, yes, it's illegal. So what's the point? Jamie said. What the hell are you telling us for? Oh, there is no point. Sorry, Jamie, Adam said. Thanks Adam. Thanks for nothing, she whispered.
