How is the daughter? one cop asked. Getting her feed? Has she laid eggs, yet? Another one asked viciously. Oh yes, she's our beautiful darling. And our son, as well. He saw the escape. This was his one chance before the ark took off, but he would have to leave his wife and children behind. What was left of them. He could go through the door while the cops held it open, and wear the police badge he purchased at the worksite above ground. He knew very little about this post-nuclear world, but was willing to take his chances. He wanted to find Noah. He lunged at the first cop, pulling his baton out and hitting the second man out of the door. An entire squad of cops swam over to them on the porch. Call the Norwegians! He was pushed back into my house, with his wife crying at him to stop. The bombs are coming, she screamed. He turned on the television so their deaths would be recorded. An enormously fat woman called a Norwegian came through the door, and ballooned in size. She floated gently above the floor as she filled with air. The cops left just before she exploded, killing the family of Martian post-nuclear survivors instantly.  Make it viral, was the command that every social media marketer hated to hear. Even Caesar Naples. When he saw the novelette, he thought there were some advantages due to the quality of the submission. First, the writer reminded him of a heavy-hitting Hollywood type. Maybe he was a less-famous author, who wrote the novelette. If that was the case, having him weigh in on Caesar's novelette would be worth it. Caesar didn't worry too much about it. He had a job to do. Have you considered making the novelette into a video game? he asked. You could be viral in just a with the right Android app. A game. A game, it's brilliant! A game! The flurry of businessmen crowded around Caesar became excited. How must we code this app? You must code it with code itself, Caesar said. That will test your mettle. What code? The code is Dark Bat. I've never heard of that before, one brave business man said. Google it. I don't have the willpower, sir. Caesar asked. Now get to voting, we haven't heard a peep from your group, yet!  I'm Billy, and my super-power is emotional elasticity. I found out my power after a fight with a friend of mine. As soon as the worst of humanity learns I can take emotional abuse like a Real Doll takes another kind, whether or not you know which kind, I'll get ripped to shreds. It's impossible to disguise. I've been through a divorce, and getting laid off. I'm still here, and it's all because I'm The Punching Bag. Being this kind of superman feels like having a monkey on my back. It's a mental mutation giving me the ability to tolerate extremely negative emotional states. The yogis prefer these types because they're excellent at negating karmic debts. In fact, I could earn a lot of money just bearing other people's loads. Being somebody's pillow is not something I would have chosen as a mutation. Knowing everyone is weak, and seeing the worst in them could be why the mutation men classified me as a superhero. I think I lost something because of this mental mutation. I lost the ability to recognize faces. I can't see any differences in other people. Call it a capgras delusion for space travelers, it enhances my main superpower by several dimensions. My brain does stop negative emotions from flowing from my closest friends. The worst time I had in my first few months was meeting a young man who I did not recognize, although he appeared to be familiar with me. After convincing myself he was my nemesis himself, I gasped in horror. The most depressing energy passed into me. I realized I had not recognized my most feared villain, Pity Partier.  In the slumberous realm of the elves were many fine artists. Some of them you may know. Pieous Porous: An elf who carved wooden eggs. These were no ordinary wooden eggs. Carved with a fineness requiring a microscope to observe, the eggs created optical illusions in their complexity. If you stared into part of the eggs, it appeared as if a window to a miniature universe. Lickem Vicket: A fine elven flutist. Her music could hypnotize humans into becoming docile and complacent to the elf's wishes. Some say the flutist's distinctive sound was borrowed from nature, itself. She could also whistle with her tongue, which she learned in order to fulfill her parent's legacy. They named her Lickem, after all. Pinch-hitter Ride: A guitarist. Some question this elf's true elvenness. He performed rock'n'roll with his human counterparts. He was banished by the elves after the Community of Elves concert got out of hand. The Community of Elves concert was a double-handed attempt at humiliating humans with elven music. Pinch-hitter Ride saw that he was losing to the humans, and attempted to join their band. After being accepted, he pursued human music until the end of the last century. He lived in California, blending in with humans by imitating characters from the Grand Theft Auto games. Pinch-hitter Ride blasted the amp to full volume. This is the way they skank! What is skank? an elflady asked. It's a human dance, Sherald, the elder elf said. Not something the elves should try. It's dangerous. Nonsense, said Ride, kicking up his elf boots. If you lean backward, your legs go higher. Skanking and rock'n'roll. You're not fit to be an elf, the elder said. This statement, and others like it, bitterly crushed Pinch-hitter Ride. He grew up being the butt of many jokes.His father was a human man. His name was the name given to a half-blood. Pinch-hitter was an elven curse. I've always wanted to be a human, he said. Maybe if I change my name and start a band, elves will love me. The community concert came, with a band called AC-DC representing the humans' musical talents. For those about to rock, we salute you. The weak spirits of the elves could not handle the booze and sex lifestyle of the human band. But one elf stood against the rest, and gave to the band his greatest praise. The band allowed him to join on account of his enthusiasm and elvenness. In his transition to the human world, he made a few changes to his features. A thicker nose, shorter ears, and of course, he changed his name. You may have heard of him. His name was Dimebag Darrell. RIP  What have you to say for yourself? The question is 100% offensive. Me and my kind don't tolerate this variety of thoughtless posting. I'll let you unfurl your argument against me on your own time. Right now, you're listening to me. Unwittingly, you've started a revolt in my tribe. The battles is between ones who believe we should follow what the voices tell us, and the ones who think we should never have sought their sources. The disagreement is causing them to question if they want to cooperate with me or not. You didn't know there are multiple sources that give us the mental thoughts and hallucination we call voices? Yes, and they're warring. You see the thoughtlessness of your actions now, anthrax? There's a war going on between former mental patients' voices. Each voice seems to be part of a larger team. At least 3 teams have been identified. We're facing a triple threat. I'm leading the human-friendly team. So far, we mental patients have stuck together. I wanted mankind to wear the same jersey. Man versus voices. Our advantage was found in our physical properties. After some observations by researchers, they found that the voices are totally disembodied. Voices can only speak to each other through a human host. Those we previously thought of as mental patients were the central hub of communication for those disembodied voices. It's much, much worse than you could imagine. The energy of each vocal and visual force was usually incompatible with other energies that contacted humans. That means, the brain matter was a veritable battlefield of horrors and humiliation beyond imagining. I guess you should have thought twice before invoking the combatants of this new war to respond. Us. The voices are spreading. When they come for you, fight without mercy. Your suit of armor, your body, is your greatest advantage. My tribe will overcome this.  Has no one any respect for the position that I'm titled with? The geriatric agent rotated in his barber's seat. The agent assigned to him for today was holding his jacket like a newborn bird. No one has any respect for the position with which you're titled, sir, the agent said, leaning forward in the waiting seat. EZ Cuts was a security nightmare. Then I offer a rubettal! The old man said. What's your rebuttal, sir? Spam attack! He threw spittle in the face of the barber, who seemed to not mind at all, given the circumstances. Spam attack denied, sir. Shall I override the warrant requirements? Full spam ahead, gentlemen. Godspeed.  In the event of an emergency, Gerald will find you and take you down to ground level. This memorial doubles as an elevator into space. We will be very high off the ground. If you have a fear of heights, try another ride. All of them had a fear of heights. It was a sign of the times. People didn't want to go up, they were too afraid of the last bombing in Iran which altered the magnetic spin of the earth. A nuclear weapon. Finally used in battle, the results of it were devastating. We wouldn't see the true effects for another thirty years. Some revelations were coming through as the last governmental supporters of the New World Order stepped down. They said many things we had about history were wrong, most of which happened before 9/11, but the event itself was not excluded. Since then, things had gotten out of control, he said.
