 Why did the gladiators animate themselves, me staring, pixel by pixel, until a crowd lived in my monitor? I'm zooming in. I'm bewildered when the realization hits me. I feel upside down, and from the perspective of the fireball, I am. And I think immediately of where the meteor came from. I think of how many times I predicted this. I'm an astronomer researching existential threats to humanity. I know exactly what to do. The meteor is named MMXIV. Sent straight from the asteroid belt between Earth and Mars, the giant ice rock was projected to swing around Earth, but something went awry n its trajectory, or our calculations. I think it will land in Canada or Iceland. My calculations are quick, but practiced. Many of the researchers will have made it underground by now. I'm in the university research group, and we're hours from the nearest bunker. I prepare the jet sled.  The public called him when the police department couldn't help. They named his ministry 'the psychopomps'. You didn't bother calling for municipal help for infernal hauntings. You hired the psychopomps. He was agent-1. He fell seamlessly through the building (riding the elevator to the first floor) and jumped into the car. He traveled in airplanes, busses, and trains to anywhere in hell. His missions became impossibly challenging. All communication was obsolete. He was unable to speak. He would be found and his brain would explode. It was his final mission: a frighteningly powerful grand-mal seizure threatened to overtake him--he felt it on the tip of his tongue. That's how he knew he was failing. He avoided myxomatosis by immediately shelling his consciousness into a more simple routine: disguised as a simple demon, he passed through the gatekeeper without complications. A shell of a human, he was yet dark on the inside. His brain was overtasking, so he meditated on only the required routines. The ghost was in front of him, in the simulated chapel on a dazzling throne. His attack began. Give it up, he said. The drum of his heart was missing.  In the top-left corner, I found a second and third pixel blinking in addition to the first pixel. I thought the problem was with my old laptop screen. I used a regular, attached USB mouse to scroll down, (but I didn't have a mousepad, so I scrolled on my knee). The flashing pixels stayed within the dimensions of the image, on the top left, near the animals. Can you see them? I emailed the file to my colleague, who reported nothing unusual in the image. I asked him if it opened correctly, and he said the file was not corrupted. He thought I should not have linked it. He wanted to take a look at my copy of the file later. My business is online now, Caesar. I need a break from this, he said. I closed the messenger program and put the image on the screen again. I gazed at the bright image of barbaric-looking gladiators saluting their emperor before a battle in the picture. The foreground contained the trident used by fighters. I presumed a gladiator lost his life in the previous round. How transient life is. I saw another flashing pixel. It must have been my dying monitor, so I gazed deeply into it. The fourth pixel was at the very tip of the trident. It was flashing green. Why did I notice these pixels? Why does anyone notice anything? Why did the trident lift and begin to rotate in three dimensions? I think it was because I was chosen to meet an emperor of Rome. The image you linked was a portal to another, living world. My mouse fell from my knee, tethered by the cord. I kicked it underneath the desk as I leaned forward. I pushed my face into the window. The screen touched my nose. I heard the voice of the gladiators. Ave, Caezar. Morituri, te salutant! In the top most corner, near the sailing awning imprinted with animals, the pixels began to flash again. The trident lowered to the ground and remained still. I heard the crickets. The entire image froze. Nothing had changed about the picture. Only I had changed.  It was liberating. The lives, the deaths, the stress and challenges of our lives were part a simulation for all humans. Nothing more. The news was shocking to some. Instantaneously, you would know if the person was psychologically disturbed. Normal people were almost always relieved or curious about the simulation--but the crazy ones couldn't handle the news. Maybe they wanted something more. Maybe they were jealous of God. Sam told us he had been looking for instructions from God his entire life, and then God told him it didn't matter. That was before he became our apocalyptic psychopomp. The power struggle in the aftermath of the revelation triggered a violent uprising, and Sam made it to the top of the world by acquiring a huge arsenal. He stormed the national government. Before launching the nuclear missiles, he said: God should have given me a manual.  Most of what we knew about social communities was wrong, because the truth had been obfuscated forever, and overshadowed by a million little lies. We noticed social groups forming into virtual tribes that mingled and evolved within their own microcosm. These microcosms were ripe for harvest. The government began to feed on Facebook users to power their war machine. Some accounts were entirely fake. Some accounts were actual users whose experience we manipulated. And other accounts were us, living in disguise. We lived in the real world as social media spies, and gathered followers through public displays. It was simple, really. The platform was designed for this kind of manipulation. I was a spy since 2009. During my initiation ceremony where I posted a viral link directly to several people who held public office (mayors, governors, and councilmen), I was selected to work on several social groups at once. First, I friended a group of high schoolers. I imitated someone they might respect: a drug dealer. Next, a group of young business-people. My job with those accounts was much more complex. I knew the dark game of social media spying was competitive and merit-driven for CIA social media specialists, so I challenged myself. I used just one Facebook account in order to penetrate the two social groups, as I was assigned. The businessmen fell for the trick, and helped me develop a marketing campaign to legalize marijuana. The teenagers became more interested in each of my pro-drug posts updated every day. When I was at peak operations, I had so much information that I asked for help compiling it for my report. Drug histories, finance reports, and political opinions of the two social groups filled my spreadsheet. I called the data meta data. I'm waiting to hear feedback on my report for the organization I work for. How long must I stay in the game? How do I win my identity back?  That's what they all said, until I pulled out the Simple Stun Ray and pushed the button and nothing fired. They all told me the same mastermind theory, and remarked that I must be evil, too, as well as a mastermind, or they'd be damned. I want to be that person. Damn 'em, I just don't have the cash. Fasting was apparently the best way to maintain an evil image, like a thin wiry demon that ruins the party with pineapple in the Margarita bowl, which I did, and passed out after claiming the punch for himself. It was because of the dieting. Ignoring the modern black markets was another advantage, because that overpriced garbage is really just bling bling, if you know what I mean. But I missed the toad pit, and the disposable mercenaries and all that I couldn't have without my evil silk road. There were myriad ways I hurdled the budget problem, and eventually, I had a lair in the basement of an average-looking college student's parents who fortuitously pretended to be my parents because of my felony conviction. I used a public attorney, and paid the fines out of my own pocket, on time. Here in my cell, I have no need for money. Here in my cell, the sheeple are my rockinghorse.  Similarities: Appeals to large audiences Problem-solving abilities Physically attractive The list printed out of his mouth. I asked the candidate my question, he calculated his response, and it printed into a receipt box on his stomach. He was speaking to a reporter, and answered me simultaneously. I am capable of commanding an army, yes, he said. But the war will be fought by robots, not humans. I have a conscription army, alloted to me by the US government, who shall be under my control. The evolution of President began with Obama. The first mixed-race black man to be elected gave America a new lease on life, and a new obsession with commander-in-chief. Next, a woman was elected, and finally, over 16 years later, a robot took the position. A war fought by lifeless copies of myself will reduce human casualties nearly 99 per cent. The psychology of war had been turned on its head. Fighting identical copies of the American top gene, our robotic president, demotivated opposition entirely. The robot president was a bridge to peace. Until the war went to space.  Where did the mystic bow come from? The question repeated in my thoughts. We don't know the source of the bow and arrow, but the weapon will most surely kill your first wife. I'm sorry, Gil. I cursed the mystics. Why would the artifact destroy my wife when it is supposed to kill my murderer? Must I be expected to believe me a victim of false advertising?
