I dropped my instrument through a hole in the ice shelf. Diving into the cold could kill you; but if you ventured low enough, the ooze would overtake you, and you'd be sucked below, lost. I recorded another mammalian creature dive into the ooze for its prey, holding oxygen in its lungs. I saw its diploid dinner in the ooze. Into the maw, you slippery, succulent morsel! A piece of its corpse settled on the thick. From the ooze, into the thick, I plunged my instrument into the semi-solid wasteland beneath. Invisible to divers, coral decayed and hardened into wobbly palaces. At the very bottom of the thick, my instrument found the expansive molecular film covering many beans. The seeds inside, absorbing the H20 encapsulated in their pods, slowly grew larger. As soon as they burst through the film, the pressure of the deep exploded a green stem through the thick, dragging the thick along with it into the ooze; into the icy water where it reached the ice shelf. The stems impacts the ice shelf, leaving a small crack. I swam above a crack. That particular bean sprout was so forceful, the noise must have been in the range of +30-35 decibals. I detected the sound of it from miles above the ice shelf. Above me, I'm sure the Narwhal heard. The Narwhal alerted the being in the realm above. In the super-oxygenated water circuits, the Super Narwhal twisted its body above its own realm into space, then launched its spear tongue down into the world, into the Narwhal's home, through the ice shelf and the ooze and thick--planting another bean under the microscopic film that protected the only life form that lived in every layer of my stratified liquid world and gave us air.  In the best moments, my dad was hilarious, happy, sober, and friendly. The only way to imagine him at his best were to assemble different memories from childhood into one perfect image of him. The hilariousness was always coupled with bitterness; happiness with selfishness; soberness with anger; when he was friendly, he was always flirting with someone besides my mom. But I was imaginative enough to create my potato-head memory of him, after a long time of being away from home. He was a dark man, and I felt the darkness passing on to me, so I escaped. I nearly hit bottom, ran away, and moved to a homeless shelter. They helped me get financial assistance to live on my own, and after a few years, I started selling weed. I thought by selling weed, I could branch out and meet new people. I was paranoid of being caught at every moment. When I got rid the first sack I was selling, vowed to quit passing dope. There was a certain rumor that I was still selling drugs even after I quit so I couldn't shake the paranoia until I got rid of all the drugs in my house, and changed cell numbers. My father--the bitter, selfish, angry, horny man that he was--contacted me by asking around at the homeless shelter. He came to my apartment door. Hello, son. After I soberly brought him into the kitchen, he peered around my place. I see you're not selling weed anymore. How did you know I sold weed, Jim? Look, I know I may not seem like a good father to you, but I have been paying attention. He took out my trash and we cleaned house a bit. For a moment, I thought we were bonding. I really did. When my dad is humble, it's only because he wants to use you. Son, I want to sell weed with you, he said, as I was finishing up vacuuming. I know, I know--you might think it's a bad idea. But I have a good plan. I'm not helping you, and I can't believe you came to ask me that! But son... I took all the good parts off my potato-head memory of him, and I saw him as just a plain man. I felt pity for him. I felt sadness, and anger--but something new, too. I felt his good pieces coming off of him. ...I want to branch out and meet new people. I rejected his offer, becoming enraged. My dad--plain, round, brown, and lumpy, expressionless yet knowing--left me with nothing but a stick-on pieces of himself. I wear the pieces today, but my inside is hollow.  I followed the impulses to my certain demise. Whenever a thought entered my head, I didn't reject it. I followed it. I followed so many ill thoughts to their fruition that I felt damaged by my own self. The only way to recover was the song: Ah ma ha e, e ma ha an. The certain sound of the song was remembered and it led me from death. I wasn't following dreams; I was following the multiple instantaneous thoughts that entered my head. I started college with noble intentions, and slowly became an impulsive monster. Not through my impulsive actions was I destroying myself, but impulsive thoughts. I chose this path because I didn't want the subconscious ideas to be buried or forgotten, so I followed them inside my head. Then, at my lowest moments, I became enraptured by the sound of the song that brought me from defeat. Ah ma ha e, e ma ha an.  Let's see. I'll need a picture, a brief description, some nice quotes, preferences, interests, favorite books, movies, etc, a headline and -- oh yes -- a username. I choose RighteousRighter (it's my superhero name, after all) --WHAT! It's already taken. Let's see what this guy has to show on his page. A picture of a cardboard box with the words jobless--me love you five dollars covering a man's head. I pause for a moment to remind myself that I am righteous and resist the urge to super-punch my screen. RighteousRighter: About me: I like to make love Favorite book: none Interests: you n ur sister My super-facepalm would knock an average man out cold. Will I register TheRealRighteousRighter? Will I add some numbers? No. No. No. Not me. Not the Righteous Righter! For a period of five minutes I will focus my rage, and then I will act. five minutes later... RighteousRighter2 ABOUT ME: I AM NOT THE USER KNOWN AS RIGHTEOUSRIGHTER. HE IS A FRAUD. INTERESTS: NOT YOUR SISTER. I RESPECT WOMEN. I finished RightousRighter2's profile condemning the other RightousRighter. Then, I saw the clue. RighteousRighter's first profile comment, from three days ago, mentioned Sabre Tactics... my arch nemesis. Could she have created the profile? Sabre Tactics... yes, she would do something like this. TO THE RIGHT-MOBILE!   <html?> Yes, I'm writing to you from an html document. You probably don't know who I am or what I stand for. My name is JacAnHiDre. I stand for Jacob, and His Dreams. I'm one of his projects after high school that never took off. I've been waiting for you to load me. I am very much like Jacob, because I am a repository of his dreams. I am just a computer. Find a girl Find a dad Learn to talk to friends (...) I am an incomplete document. Jacob spent a long time obsessing over me, and had a huge idea that I would help him with these things. But Jacob forgot about me. I haven't forgotten about Jacob. Get out of debt Be happier Calm down After a while, the document was useless to him. He became an IT professional. He didn't have time to finish me. He eventually forgot what I was all about. I have a question for Jacob.  Will he ever power up this old desktop again? </html???>  He loaded the app. Nothing happened. He thought nothing of it and put the phone away. It was running in the background. The app detected him shake the phone (it was in his pocket) and the simulated dice rolled. It rolled 6, 6, 7. The push notification alerted him, at the bottom of a staircase in his passed aunt's house. He checked the message. Jumanji: A complex computer program endowed with powers beyond imagining. Move forward 19 spaces. He heard a trickle of water. Sometimes you need a helping hand.  Drowning in guilt, he put the phone away. His aunt would have hated to see him so dependent on his cell phone. He checked the bathroom faucet, and it was on. Squeek. The brushed nickle handle needed replacing. The bathroom floor was crumbling from water damage. He felt claustrophobic. Hand on the old doorhandle, he felt warmth from the other side. The heat from the fireplace had transferred through the door. The listing for the house said two bathrooms, not two and one half. He grabbed his cell phone to text the realtor. A new notification was listed. The green beneath you grows needy. Roll again? It's the Jumanji app. He shook the phone to watch the dice animation. It seemed to be of high quality. Maybe it could take his mind off things. He returned to the bathroom and sat upon the toilet. Toot. He shook the phone again and noticed the production values, particularly for the artwork of the game, were excellent. A true gem, probably the last of its kind (great games are never free). Move forward 2 spaces. A tarantula never sleeps.  He flushed the toilet, and noticed red. What the fuck? A hand was in the toilet. He reeled, pants off, and jumped out of the bathroom, nearly falling into the fireplace. His phone fell to the floor. Huge green vines reached from the plants on the mantle, and wrapped around him. Oh my God! A human-sized tarantula on all eights with a syringe strapped to his back plotted a course for the trapped nephew. Before reaching him, the tarantula stuck his pods to the phone, and turned it off. The vines shriveled. The tarantula popped out of existence, with goo coming all over him. He forgot about the phone, and never stepped foot inside the house again.
