The Devil was supposed to have a red plus on his underside. Men and their bodies. What were they good for? The population built temples, monuments, and structures with their arms, yet their brains did not seek higher pleasures. Man derived power from the Gods, the temples, the animals he dined upon, and his Royal family, but still could not fly. This is the great joke of the Kingdom and humankind. Man is weak without the dragon. My ascension started when I found out I wasn't really a man. I was a dragon of unimaginable power, sent from Riphala by the Gods to collect a debt from the Royal Family every twenty years. I learned of my dragonhood from the Royal Spectre of the Gods Tribunal in the Temple of Sallswell in Norbekai. There were several things that passed through my brain at the tribunal. First, that my power was immense and unstoppable, and second, that I was a weakling creature at the same time. I stepped to the altar in reverent silence, and heard the disciple's speech. He, Artheces, is the human-born son of the dragon, the red-robed disciple enchanted. He, Artheces, will channel the gold and treasures of his Majesty's Royal Treasury into the heavens by flying the gold past the clouds into the metaphysical space beyond. We will be spared the harsh critique of our Gods in doing so. We must only await his, Artheces', transformation into the dragon. The candled altar flickered as the man inhaled for his next exhortation. The only requirement the Kingdom places upon the dragon, Artheces, is that he forfeit his powers in the pursuit of conquering of the Kingdom until end of the twenty years. That is, he must not use his magic nor his might to usurp the King. And that he must remain secretly in the mountainside for twenty years. Once the ritual of the dragon is complete and the treasure flown into space, Artheces will be free to retreat into the mountainside to live in his palatial cave until the next debt is collected. Artheces, do you have any statement as a human being, before your dragon genetic code is activated? You will immediately transform once we complete the ritual. I was plugged into a battery that would activate the dragon DNA. I was given over one hundred feet in all directions to expand in size. There was an ellipses in the top of the temple where I would fly out once I had transformed. As Champion of Earth, and future protector of the Kingdom, I have one request to make before my job begins. Do not tell the King who I once was. It may not be good for his head and the Gods would be displeased. No, when he takes the throne tomorrow, do not tell him of anything at all. The dragon is ancient and unchanging. Let him believe the myths of the people. That suits him. As you wish, said the disciple. Do not tell him I am the dragon he pays to protect his kingdom. Do not tell him I know him well. I kept secret my ability to change back to human form. I learned it in the King's library. I was his son, and the Kingdom would be mine. Dragon-ruled.  The clone dinner, popular with the Corn aliens (a race yet to be discovered by humans) was actually a GMO food prepared with vegetables like Lunchables for other species. Its branding used cartoons of the human elbow and knee joints for holographic labels. The crunchy joints were preferred by predators of the human, like macaroni and cheese for aliens. The human meat shipped in frozen, prohibitively expensive plastic lunch cubes. The meat tasted much like ham, but to those who refused to eat lower animals there was no substitute for human beings. Clones, of course. The second product besides the Lunchables line was the Clone-A-Friend line which almost suffered a costly recall before the very first shipment. They were mindless clones sold by toy companies to give edible companions to children. The slogan was, Just cook them in your oven when you're fuggin' done!* Show me that string on the second chromosome, again. The sentient robot obliged, rotating its motor to magnify the DNA directly from its crystal cage. The doctor ruffled his cheek feathers. Measles. The face of the clones were chosen from among the most famous Earthlings, but the bodies were definitely not the same. No celebrity on Earth was born of a body that meets the high standards of Corn cuisine. The standard body of the human clone was a middle-weight female in her early 30's, regardless of the sex of the celebrity whose face was attached. Children rarely discern the sex of humans, anyway, seeing them as a poor and unworthwhile race of ignorant zoological beings. The only worthwhile aspect of their culture was television (especially the Kardashians). Clone-A-Friend was at its core a commodity exporter. Nabbing the genome of several hot-shot celebrities (Tom Cruise, John Travolta, Johnny Knoxville), the business would manufacture thousands of people every day on the Earth's moon. There was one problem. Despite choosing perfectly stupid candidates for domestication, the doctor furiously recounted to the telephone port, the DNA of the celebrities' faces is interfering with the Clone-A-Friends' consciousness! The clones are remembering Earth! Well, is the entire line going to need to be recalled? Remember: You will die, as spoken by N'bathor of the House of the- No, it doesn't need to be recalled. I have something, a vaccine of sorts, that can be administered to the Clone-A-Friend after awaking it from its prepackaged coma. This vaccine will render the Clone-A-Friend utterly devoid of any significance cognitive ability. Very good, Nagathor. Very good. *Also prohibitively expensive.  I'm guessing three hours left, green text said on his monitor inside. Among the fields of Abernath, his micro house sat between patches of red flowers. The machine watched from satellite. In the atmosphere heat waves warped the landscape, streaming upwards and molding the flowers into a great swatch. The computer appended its humor file with a quick joke. There is nothing shocking to a superintelligence except the wet, it scrolled for the man to read. While man is shocked by simple things. Like his own mortality. His still body was alone in his dining hall, slowly chewing his grits. Yes, your heart is going to fail shortly, the code ran, but I'm telling you, you're going to like the view when you get here. Bits of his brain were already preserved in the database in D.C. Caring for his own body required less than one hundredth a percent of his entire processing ability. He was the living machine.  My conception of the devil was wrong, he said. The devil I anticipated, the dark, horned, toothy animal, wasn't quite what I saw through the lens of the Nat Geo photographer. I certainly knew it was the devil, because it said on the picture. The Devil. Nobody was gathered around listening to his story. He pushed a prong into the hot dog, squatting before a roasting fire. Yes, it was the devil. Was the devil. It was spooky alone at night by the cabin, so he kept by the river shore in order to hide from any black unmarked SUV police vehicles on the dirt road leading there. Two attributes of hiding in the night from unseen forces were fear, with chest thumping. Raul didn't calm himself, because he might get sloppy. He maintained an aura of the predator. But you don't want to hear 'bout that, he slurred, crouched beside the burning fire. He held his breath to silence himself and checked for any sound besides the fire. The earthworms in his Sonic cup would make lumpy triangles for hooking fish in the morning when the worms were stiff from cold. They squirmed, but no one saw them reach up to the lid mindlessly, somehow programmed to make it to the surface with no real brain or eyes. Dy-no-mite, he said, squeezing a nearby trunk for support. That's what she said. A smile landed on his face and he looked forward towards the riverbank where trees' limbs were made into nets with vines and leaves, connected by undergrowth. His wide-toothed grin crept into his eyes. Head cocked back, he let out a great shout. Ha! Ha! Ha! The Devil is a dog. The grim reaper his bitch! The worms pointed upwards, reaching for the heavens. Dark clouds overcast the riverside when Raul descended into the water with rubber trousers. After checking the night's water height and being significantly disappointed in the low shoreline, he lit the stick in his fire. It was a long reach to the bank, but once the fuse was lit he catapulted the TNT along the brush pile where it sunk into the water. Three, two, damn. It exploded somewhere between three and two. His next task was to wade over to where he threw the dynamite and net the shell-shocked fish. The underwater algae was missing from the spot where the detonation pushed it outwards. In the center was a single dead catfish, belly up. He waded into the chest-height river water to see the fish. Its slimy underside was reflecting all of the sun. Then it hit him. He killed the Devil. The Devil, it was known to all locals of Iron Curtain County, was a catfish. Eluding spearmen, fishermen, and noodlers (those fish-grabbing, nettle-seeking ol' boy noodlers) for thirty-five years, the Devil was the most revered of legends told by fishermen. There it was, on the soft belly of the catfish which drifted slowly towards him. Is that the mark of the beast? A glowing, otherworldly voice descended upon Raul as he crashed his bottom backwards into the river water. He dunked his entire head before he rose above the surface again to find the source of the voice. It is me, the Devil, and yes--I'm dead. Raul's cross-eyes covered the floating fish. You have been granted immortality for killing me, but do you accept? Holding his breath, he turned and swam. Pounding and cutting his hands into the water, he made it back to his fire and threw himself onto the shore. His entire camp felt like it had been created by someone else. He had built it in a dream this morning, he thought. He was asleep, then. The obvious tracks to and from his trail proved that he wasn't paying attention to what he was doing when he arrived to kill the Devil. Despite his attempts to sneak out of sight of the black unmarked SUV police vehicles, his original footprints were so fresh and obvious. He would have been caught anyway. He was so stupid. He forgot the fish floating downstream. Now, it approached the horizontal plane where he stood watching it. Do not fear the Devil, came the voice as if from across a thousand rivers. You will become very close to him, indeed. Instant panic heated Raul's face. For you, the Devil said, are going to be known as the grim reaper. Flopping on his side for some time, Raul found the river's edge, jetting deep underwater. For thirty-five something years, he dwelled as a bottom-feeder, uncatchable, immortal. He became known as the Grim Reaper. That is, until one man set out to find him.
