The energy source hadn't caught on. It was a wonderful new technology that gave us. . . color. We found where it had rained, and searched for colorful apparitions after the fact. Sometimes, a rainbow would form in doubles. That was because our rain was a different kind. Sulfuric rain doesn't always form rainbows, except when the magnetic field is altered. We live on Saturn, where the rain itself is toxic to humans. But we're not humans. We're the colorblind octopuses floating in Saturn's sky. There weren't rainbows on our planet until the warships came, altering our magnetic field. We, as space octopuses, were aware of the change because we navigated with the magnetic waves. We were lost. It was made up for by the fact we saw our first rainbows. The only color in our life until then, except for what you call a dull yellow, was monochromatic. Until the rainbows, we saw no color. But our tendril-mouths could absorb the rainbow itself, which formed in the sulfuric rain. It was just what we needed, because in order to fight the warships, we needed to see the red weak spot as they hovered above us. Some sensory organs never get upgrades like the ones we received, floating in the clouds of Saturn. We can only say that His Noodly Appendages, our God, smiled at us the day the warships attacked. As soon as we ate our first rainbow, they went down in a snap.  Everybody was going crazy. Since the takeover of the economy by robot AI, the world failed to adjust. It was 6 years since the self-driving auto was put on the market. The world's biggest job industry completely replaced humans with autos. Truckdrivers, taxi cabs, even tractors could drive automatically. The other jobs weren't so easily replaced, but eventually, employment was a thing of the past. Mental health went downhill from the change. People going stir crazy would streak in their towns, getting arrested for things like public intoxication and disturbing the peace. Older people who worked their entire life remembered how important having a job was to the psyche of a human being. We felt like bubbles, floating away from the earth--ready to pop, silent and unseen, as the atmosphere thinned or the wind disturbed us. Our hands were useless accessories. Our unhealthy bodies were life-support systems for our dulled brains. At least that's how everybody felt. With drugs, people started feeling more content. Administering these drugs to the bored population was a slippery slope--eventually, they might need stronger and stronger drugs. To prevent that, the government (run mostly by an AI) developed an IQ-boosting device to prevent drug abuse. Other problems solved themselves as humans got smarter. The daily habit was for people to explore the world around them at a molecular and atomic level. The experience of the IQ-booster was like having a very strong mind, so that everything that happened outside the mind did not matter. Humanity became united and spiritual during that time. The new generation, called Generation One, were miraculously successful in the 2020's at inciting human progress. The moon was occupied, solar energy was utilized, and driving a car was banned. Wait, what? Generation One had a problem. They didn't trust humanity. Only IQ-boosters and robot AI's made sense to them. They wanted to live forever, and they possibly could, but humanity itself got in the way. Meet Randy. He runs the primitive black market in America. Banned, dangerous, and outdated technology was sold on a silk road of backwards progress. The top item of the year was an override module for the autos. At first, they weren't so illegal, but as more and more car accidents started happening, the penalty for using one was increased. What's Randy's price for the override module? I asked the dealer. Ten thousand. My god, I can't imagine it being that expensive to make. It's very cheap to make. It's very dangerous to sell. Randy takes a great risk in selling it to you. If getting your kicks isn't worth $10,000, then maybe you'd like our other product. What's that? A pair of handcuffs. Stop resisting, son. You're coming to jail with me. The cop's facial skin rolled into his collar bone revealing robotic features underneath. I pressed a button hidden in the web between my thumb and index fingers, causing an EMP blast. The robot toppled over as I jumped off the curb into a trashbin. I was just doing my job as an undercover detective, investigating the takeover of the world by artificial intelligence. This was my biggest break yet. But ten years from then, I wouldn't be smart enough to stop them. The robot was found guilty of entrapment through spam emails. A double sentence was issued. One for tricking a teenager into buying from the black market, and the other for sending bulk email spam, a newly instituted crime. The law banning email spam was one of the only ways humanity could fight back.  Ha. That's all I can say to the cult race called the unpunc. Check the period at the end of this sentence, my inexpensive keyboard making it possible to use something you eradicated completely. Punctuation. It's like oxygen to me, baby. I remember the first speech you gave to me. Into the van break Do you see what can happen now break I can make it hard to breath break . . . That is, if I remember your language correctly. The fourth world war of the unpunc race (the one that would eventually kill them) was due to an inappropriate memo, becoming highly offensive due to its lack of punctuation. The unpuncs survived so long, because punctuation had never been introduced into their language. They were immune from themselves. It's when the outsiders came that punctuation destroyed them, one. By. One. The earthling from Spain, a troubadour named Ruis, unfortunately caused a butterfly effect from his improper editing of his letter to an innocent unpunc citizen. The citizen went to authorities, and the resulting space war was simply too much for a culture to overcome without punctuation. The message was improper for formal speech with an unpunc, and Ruis deeply regrets his error. I'm here protecting my fellow humans, however, so this little bit of unpunc poison will have to work, for now. The vaccine has been administered.  It's been too long since we spoke. Maybe three years. It's a good amount of time to forget. Not an epic five. I'm not counting it in weeks, or months. Three years. You've forgotten much in that time. I'm getting emotional. Many of my friends would die for me, but you, I'm not so sure. You brought me flowers on the last day we were together. I forgot. They were flowers, written in the memo of that day in my head. I can't see the colors. Sorry. In the window, the pastry shells gleamed although they were frozen. I knew they were frozen when you were coming. I planned giving them to you frozen so you would be un- 1) Comfortable. 2) Coming home to something special. 3) Learning to cook with ice cream. 4) Sharpening my wit 5) Reading your old blog. It made me cry. I think I'm too old for this, because it hurt a little like a stabwound in the side. We never played pool. We never did anything. I came here to say I hate you.  A frozen cup of tea? My god, it's unbelievably stupid so many had to die for that, the soldier said. If the cup had been colder, the commander would have realized it was from his own chef. Instead, he took it as a poisoning attempt which divided the entire party. Yeah, said a third soldier. But why was the cup so warm? Some say it was a conspiracy to start an unending war. A man must have used his hands to warm the cup, some claim. Otherwise, how could the tea be frozen inside it? The strangeness of the warm cup is what started this war. One of the soldiers listening told them another theory. The frozen tea prank was actually an alien conspiracy. The tea was frozen instantaneously when the commander touched the mug. Nobody was pulling a prank at all. But why do aliens want us to fight? Why wouldn't they? It is a mystery that the cup was warm. But how warm was it? I heard it was slightly chilled from the tea, but not quite so frozen as if it had been in the freezer for a while. Then a man must have warmed it with his hands. The latest soldier continued packing his rifle. I think aliens want us to kill each other. The Tea Party Crusades continued for years. At the final battle, a teacup was made into a large statue and placed in the town square. It was covered at the top to prevent water from getting in and freezing. Wouldn't want another Tea Party Crusade on our hands, would we, Shimtavek? The alien hummed above the earth.  He folded his clothes with the imprecision of someone who doesn't care, or perhaps, has poor motor control. It was hard to control himself. The uncoordinated cleaning needed to be done before he stepped outside. He scrubbed and mopped the floors, but the bucket seemed affected by gravity in disturbing ways. He reached up and grabbed the upside-down bucket in the air. It was so frustrating having to refill it again. His actual job seemed to take forever. But at the end, he knew that there would be a great reward. He would go outside and join the team of astronauts in their spaceship. The team's name was Meta Mars. It was intensely exciting to him, as he arranged and re-arranged his uncooperating couch cushions. After what seemed like hours, he felt the pieces come together. His house wasn't exactly done, but things weren't malfunctioning. He almost felt normal. His eyes were in his control, and he could focus on specific objects for a little while. His confidence growing, he developed near-telekinetic powers, floating objects in their place. Internally, he felt some kind of nuclear energy empowering him. He realized that he was his own spaceship. Just before waking, he began to charge his engines to join Meta Mars in orbit. And just then, when the roof was going to be burst through, he awoke. It took him seconds to recall the night before. He had drunk himself to sleep. He was torturing himself with indecision, and loneliness. This entire day would likely be exactly the same: he couldn't sit still, he couldn't focus, and he felt very confused. There was some sort of team in his head, begging him to join... something. But it was just his uncontrolled schizophrenia. If he drank some more, he might fall back asleep.
