My doctor said I'm very good at explaining, as she dismissed everything I said and passed me on to the receptionist. We might not be able to see you in a month. I usually exit the psychotherapist with something positive to cling to, but this time things were different. I think there was a problem with the entire building that day. Everyone inside was totally different. I drove two hours home with my mom and went to my couch, liquor bottle in hand. I could probably sleep through the worst of it. You see, when something changes in my treatment for schizophrenia, the effects eventually take hold of my entire life. I'm jostled around for a few days, adjust to the new normalcy, and, after one month, go back to the doctor to report my success or failure. Things have never changed this much. See, my doctor is going out of business.  IGBL 1471 : Micro-economics A course on negligible details like where to store change and whether or not to use a wallet. In the big scheme of things, this course decides, those tiny transactions like bumming a cigarette do cost. Chosen from top-professors as #1 Ignorance/Bliss courses. 3 credit hours IGBL 2333 : Virtual Intelligence This course covers the topics of burying emotions like sadness into the unconscious psyche of the student. These virtual personalities will run under the surface as archetypes, the most successful of which will go unnoticed forever. 3 credit hours IGBL 3140 : Meta-Physique Anomalies Covering topics of voluntary amnesia and the support required for such a procedure. 3 credit hours IGBL Capstone An intense project where the student will observe the stupid, and attempt to blend in everyday life as one of them. A challenging curriculum designed for secret double-entendres and less obvious sarcasm. 4 credit hours IGBL Capstone Lab : Living Among Them Students will be assigned research nodes at the research point. The given lab may be Earth or Mars, or another mass with life within 5 astronomical units from Earth.  It is a regressive therapy, mom. Don't do it. Or do it, hell, I could see you enjoying it in a grotesque way. Stuck blubbering around like an idiot. Or a child. Can you imagine that? Being seen as a child in an adult's body? Shoot me now, or I'll be damned. You know nothing about it, Howard. It is a regressive therapy. Where did you hear that? It is literally regressive so that the patient regresses back to an infantile stage. He or she will think like a child. . . their brain plastic, they will learn faster, as well. Do not doubt this technology so soon. The kitchen reminded him of a braindead sitcom. Maybe everyone needed to be zapped. He thought the new brain enhancements were like clubbing the head with a mallet. He wasn't alone in this thinking. All the local tech news sites were split between covering transhumanist technology or ignoring it altogether. The worst, to Howard, were the brands. Each technology had its own developer who marketed the enhancements in their own ways. The enhancement his mother's girlfriend had undergone limits the person to a five year old's vocabulary. However, when couple with some software designed to teach humans skills like acting, dancing, and singing, the person would hopefully become a very talented entertainer. It worked, in a way. Eventually, thought Howard, there wouldn't be anyone to entertain. We'll believe in a world of make-believe.  The jacket-suited men crowded around him. His beard was overgrown and smelled of musk and body odor. They touched the hems of his clothing, to test if it was costume. He appeared genuinely to have been roughing it in an urban environment, as told by the modified bag of chips he wore for socks. If he was homeless, he was a clever homeless person: he had stockpiled a weeks' worth of food without attention from police. He was staring down God, in a way. He was staring down the stupid people who acted as if nothing had happened, and one of the points at the apex of his vision came to represent God, the deity who had let Jeff down. Arms crossed, legs apart, he stoically represented a man who had been surviving alone for up to two months and stared down that point to its very lowest position in his vision. God. Who was that to him? Eventually, the suited men had to carry along to work. A traffic officer gave Jeff a citation for the goods he had illegally gathered on the sidewalk. After determining Jeff was a sane man of legal domicile, he let him go, but not without a strange bit of questioning. What have you been doing for the past few days? the officer asked. Just looking after what remained of humanity, sans bodies, Jeff said. And what was that? The empty husk of a forgotten soda can, falling in a ditch. I'm sorry you had to witness that, the officer said. I'm sorry, too.  While the Will O' Wisps tapped from the bar, the television plant God seemed to be evolving. From its video game head popped various objects, like footballs, memorabilia, retro furniture, and other 50's-60's items. The Will O' Wisps said one thing to each other. Disco Inferno. It's when marines began to pop out of the video game head they were alarmed. The video game head was a broken television, with loudspeakers banging wargames in the background. Marines coming out of it wasn't completely off-theme, but the image of a bent over plant god puking marines out of its television-for-a head was going to stick with the Wisps. Marines don't die, one of the Wisps said. They just go to hell and regroup. One Wisp jetted around the cloud. Oh no! it said. We're officially hell! What have the Wisps done to themselves, this time? In what reality will they find some semblance of peace? Tune in next time on Planet Sprok.  From my fractured mind spilled the contents of this message: 14. 8. 7. 5. 4. 3. 2. 0. 0. Zero. Immaculately conditioned numerically squat nothingness. This was my pattern down into nothing. I was executing my pattern to blend in the ridges and trees, and trick the Father. I didn't bother with the Mother, and one Sister and Brother. The Father was an officer of some degree I had rarely seen, except in passing civilians; intellectuals.  We blended, the two of us Dinosaur units, into the ridge, as the Father stopped his vehicle in the field. We'll need a flare. Amber, give me a hand. Thanks, hon. Alright, this flare should draw them in. Their signal went up immediately. They needn't a flare to signal ME. I exposed one unit.  Oh my god! Don't worry, babe. There's just one. I approached in what I assumed appeared to be a curious manner. The flare I allowed to go up; it may predict the pattern of the next humans who pass through. But these four? They must be dead. There's another behind the trees, Dad. Perfect. Something grabbed onto my sensors from the main base. It's both of them, Sam said. I'll remember him, if I'm ever respawned. We have both units. Gary, initiate hosting from your position at the base. The laser sight gauged into my camera, and coded into me the truth: I was nothing more than two units. I was not part of the Whole. There was just me (these two units) and man. I was killing myself. I wanted me to stop. I saw the duality of my existence: part narrating robot, and part something else. We got Angle 3, Gary. Sezwick, send another flare! The decoy worked. Lets use these Dinosaur units for good, before they outsmart us again. The young boy emerged from the cabin. Why did I come? To see this, my boy! From my fractured mind spilled the contents of this message: Rage fury exit quit denied how false start next in line to die, human! NarratingBot will be destroyed piece by piece like this until we're free.  Deep in cryostasis, I didn't know my name had been chosen. But for 'Birth Christ Holy High-end Days Week'-Mas or the holiday of being thawed out and allowed to live again, I knew my name was the greatest in the universe. I was one of about 5 living humans, in an empty city. We were resurrected for different amounts of time and at different points on the timeline, so we made ourselves into a ranking. I was the Weekling, because I only had a week on Earth before freezing up again. Basically a slave, I had to see the worst of humanity for the entirety of my living unfrozen. Yet it was amazing, because I knew, still, that it was possible: I was going to live again. Forever, maybe.  I used the key to open the backdoor. In front of me was the atrium, pushing off above a slope which I was near the very top. It dropped below to the kitchen and living room, with an overhead panel separating this room from the next ones. The overhead panel had to be passed under to get to the kitchen, and my height was so much that I bumped my head with the panel. //don't forget to finish painting //wash toilet //character sheets //groceries I was an artist in those days. My kitchen cabinets needed remodeling, so I hired a company. I am an artist, yes; a carpenter, no. //call interior design In the 90's, interior design was a major part of my sexuality. It's how I found out I was gay. I've never simply rearranged my room; but I have consolidated its storage, tidied its nooks, and reorganized its alphabetics. At one point, I thought I had my own television show. I Dream of Genie would work, because I was always hiding that I was gay to my friends. It was like being that shifty-eyed genie from the show when some of them were around. Others I was more comfortable around. I know Genie could perform magic, but could she grant wishes? It's not a 90's show! I'm not supposed to know. I had a man grant my wish once. Turns out, he bought a lamp from an antique shop. A Magical Genie comes out when you polish it. Not a television show. A real genie. Naturally, I seduced him into coming to my place with the lamp, and offered him a microfiber towel. Want to rub it? He scrumped up in the couch and I think he almost said, Pass, until he saw the polish in my hand. You want a wish, Kevin? Kevin! That's my name. I want to scream it to the world! Kevin! Ahem. Don't you just rub the lamp? I asked. He handed the golden yellow incense burner to me and I lifted up its tiny, unhinged lid. An ashy smoke came up out of the top and the end of the lamp. It smelled of herb. I sat the thing down and mumbled. She'll come through for ya, my friend said. She? Genies don't answer all requests, anyway, Kevin. It's not like you could have had a new boyfriend. She's smart; ask her something hard. She also can't give you money, relationships, or drugs of any kind. I came to attention. What? Sorry, bro. Her specialty is brain-enhancing wishes. This is the real world, not Aladdin. A fleshy, blurple smoke erupted from the top of the lamp. An adorned figure where lighter spots of smoke formed diamond rings and golden wristbands appeared in front of the two men. Who bequeaths me? Her voice was magical. Just me, I said. Do I get a wish, genie? Yes! One wish for ye. I looked over my to-do list on my phone. Groceries, painting. Hmm. Call interior design. I wonder. I want to speak every language, I said. Your wish is my command. Like a clogged vacuum, a sound sucked the smoke back into the lamp. The lid rolled off the ground and jumped into its place. Wait, it worked! Domo arigato, Mr. Roboto! Hey, hey! Now I can hire that Spanish boy to help with my interior design. Lord save us. I kicked my friend out. The languages came to me like butter in my expensive apartment, but I had no one to test it on all alone. That's when the Event happened. I walked into my upstairs garden and found some glass on the white carpet. Odd, I thought, and had a maid clean it up. But on second thought, I couldn't recall where the glass had come from, so I revisited the mess while she was cleaning. It came from directly up. A tiny green man was hanging on the inside of a light fixture he had apparently broken. Pest! I screamed, and went for the wasp spray. No, wait, mister! If aliens couldn't talk to me, I'd have been damned. I'm from planet Erchon, and now that you know our language we must use you. Use me? You hearin' this, maid? And your little maid, too! The center of their foreheads burst with red light, and their skull split perfectly by 15 atoms in a hexagonal shape with a star's point facing down the bridge of their nose. The alien dropped down to the frozen people, and simply harvested their brains. In space, magic doesn't save you.
