 I travel space and time with the wonder of pychological technologies developed @IbbaCore. It's something you strum upon your mustache! Flip me the male-strom, I'd say, round-bagging you. We'd be inside the male-strom by then, all spinning around in our hosies. I suppose I aought to tell you about alter-net spellings. Male-strom is one of them! An alter-net spelling is a word spelling that is used to represent the language of the alter-net websites. lingos, gringos, pingos... swing-o's? Something. The male-strom is simply an alter-net spelling for MAELSTROM. In the deep abyss ran blackened water across my arm. I pricked my finger forward. . . Drip . . . Drip . . . Drip . . . Arturky Quidditch off me! Quidditch off me! Rawn Dragonlance! Dragonlance! Finally, Rawn steps off Arturky. Rawn Quidditch Match! Synopsis Hello, and welcome to my world above worlds. My mire upon mires. My wolf among wolves. It's my synopsis. A human sperm plays quidditch. There's your answer. It's not a bad life, there are plenty of shitty little sperm to beat out--but that's all because this sperm was abandoned in the sock drawer despite all intentions of being washed and killed. The sperm has the power to ressurrect miniature versions of the other sperms sans genetic code given by the egg, and two of these creations are named Arturky and Rawn, both from the Harry Potter series. The woman fighting them is a gollum. Y'know, the shorter gnarlier hobbit thing? With the ring? Shit, it's time for my movie!  You know those speed traps outside of your town where you always have to slow down on the state highway or you'll get a ticket? It turns out, that's an entirely classic sign of our living in a police state. Without slowing down, I passed a cop when I was young. Freed from my perfect record with the highway patrol, the congenial cop let me drive on my way. He asked me to keep it under the limit from then on. I could've told him later, how would a radar detect me traveling at Mach III? Yes, I'm a pilot. We're called skin-divers; our suits are our bare skin. We don't go up in the air, but deep underground invisibly goring the earth with our expensive drill systems. But it's not what you think, if you can even think of something at all. We're recorded breaking records every day, with no limit known to physics stopping us. I travel below earth in mind only. I'm not human anymore. So I was driving along, much later, in my sedan--going from town to town with a special license that was given to me as a precursor to my pilot badge @IbbaCore. I knew the speed trap at that point, of course, and slowed down to an appropriate speed. The speakers chimed, Target acquired, in my liaison's sweet voice. Her name was Sarah. I'd never met her, but I damned well knew I had to do what she said or I'd likely die. That was about 3 months after the civil war started. The speed trap town was a mediocre base for our enemy. I rolled to a stop beside the BBQ joint and waited for the patrol to pass by me. In under ten minutes--I swear to God, Sarah was a wonderwoman--I saw my cop. He was hunched over his steering wheel, waiting for atypical activity in Rattan. The town police had been supported solely by speeding tickets and now were a powerful checkpoint for catching escaping victims. I wheeled behind the cruiser and passed through the speed zone with him. Just before reaching the speed limit sign, he turned right onto a dirt road. I followed him, opening my mouth. From my head swept the Core Sound Technology. Electromagnetic frequencies originating in my brain stem were amplified and punched into his skull. He slammed on his brakes, the bastard, and I jumped out of my car, and rushed the driver side, mouth hanging agape to protect myself from my own weapon. Jump into him, came Sarah's voice in my earpiece. Jump! I recall the moment, over half a century later, with clarity. It was my first hacking into the system used by cops up until a few days later, when it was destroyed by the agents @IbbaCore. Struck with epilepsy, he barely fought back. With my rear end bent outwards, I pushed my head into his stomach from his open driver side door. Unfortunately, the Biotech weapons needed this kind of contact in its early days. By linking my brain stem to his solar plexus, I heard the men on the other end of his mind-link, chattering to each in their pseudo intellectual code language. His colleagues had no idea I'd be marking every single one of them down as environmental criminals--open targets for the other agents @IbbaCore. I was looking in my mind's eye at a flash photograph of the enemy's communication system. I saw the artificial psychic landscape, and was slightly awed at its dumbness. The rest of us would have a simple job to break the system now that we were aware it existed. We suspected it was vulnerable. When the proof came, Sarah departed and I was promoted. The speed trap was definitely sponsored by the worst criminals of my generation.  You may know, or you may not, that we have something very powerful together. If you can't see that, you might as well take your pants off. General approval from the board. Every step of the way, every moment of this journey of finding our identity, I will stand by you. And especially if you drip with anticipation of our merging, I will stand behind you and ram my authority into your core. That's because we're a team, baby! Light applause. With each bouncing, bobbing thrust into the sensitive bubble of stock that represents your livelihood, we reach closer to climax. In other words, I want you to come with me; and I want to penetrate the fertile landscape that makes up your entire economy. Growing excitement. When the time is right, I want us to wait, and revel in the scent of each other's ultimate satisfaction. I want to wait, until the very last moment, until clarity is found, to ejaculate 'YESness' all over the boardroom. And I want to do it with you. Jackets are loosened. Coming within you is a raging hard on-point exclamation that we are one in body and spirit. I want to make you my little, hairy dog--so cute in its eagerness, and so ready to deliver my expectations exactly. Groaning.  She spotted him walking home from school and honked. There goes Sam, she thought. I wonder if he had a good day at school. The slow realization she wasn't even driving took three steps to fructate. First, her hand rolled out from under her head. She opened her eyes. Then, she saw the smoke. She felt the heat. Her house was on fire. Three days later, she thought, There goes Sam. He's walking home from school and he doesn't know what's in store. She pulled into a driveway in front of his path. Sam. I had a dream this happened. My home was destroyed in a housefire. Get the fuck out of my head, Sam. Her eyes opened. She grabbed for the comfort blanket; home. It had all been a dream. She had fallen asleep stoned and left the coffee pot on. She didn't even know why she bothered turning it off. It was designed with safety in mind. Like a condom she wore on her head to keep stinking thinking out she read the label, her head leaned against the refrigerator: TURN OFF WHEN NOT IN USE Her son, Sam--what would he think when they opened the gift shop? Would he know it was a front? Was he even their son? He was so strange. Sam adapted well to working at the store. His grand schemes for improving profits seemed to bring the family together. He questioned rarely the extra business going on with his adopted parents. He was easily pacified with simple answers to explain the extra cash and the strange hourly work schedule. In two years, all meth production had stopped. Her house hadn't burned up. Sam was buying his parents' business. Sam graduated. But she wondered, falling asleep, stoned as hell; Did we deserve Sam? Sam, having found an escape in drugs, nearly lost the business. He went to his mother and asked what kept her going through the first years of their first gift shop. She said something he'll never forget. Sam, I need to tell you the truth. Our gift shop was a front for us to continue doing drugs after the arrest. We thought we were going to jail, and we needed a cover. We lost all our friends, and we had to do something. You're the reason we succeeded. It's because of you that we got off drugs. Sam knew it, but he didn't; he knew everything but the truth. He apologized for not finding out sooner, and went to work that day with a grave new understanding of the nature of his adoption. He burned their house down, and made it look like a meth lab explosion. He said, I believe they didn't mean any harm, to the police. And he began his nightly ritual of burning weed, and inhaling the fumes, until he fell asleep, dreaming of his real parents. Get the fuck out of my head, Sam!  In the bar crowd, he went unnoticed. It was Halloween. A clown wasn't a big deal on Halloween. Or it wasn't until the balloon sword came out. He found balloon swords to be very easy, a 3-loop twist for the handle, and bam! The real skill lie in intimidating anyone while dressed like a clown. The music was playing All About That Bass, and the skinny gals were getting pissed. He could tell they were. He was a psychologist clown. He approached the disillusioned women. I'm about to drop something heavy on you ladies, he said. At that precise moment, the music stopped--a hyperactive DJ was switching songs--and the clown couldn't stop what he said next. Every guy in this bar wants to screw their mom. One of the jocks broke the silence. What are you, Darwin or something? The clown raised his balloon sword. It's Freud. The jock charged. In between him and the clown was a table, which fortunately stopped him. The beer was spilled. The crowd was irate. And all the clown had to defend himself was a balloon sword. The whole bar crowd was facing the clown in expectation. What do you want from me? A joke? he said. We want to knock the f!&#ing paint off your stupid face! the jock's friend said, assisting the jock. The crowd cheered in agreement. Then I challenge everyone here to a duel. Me, with just my balloon sword. The odds were against him. There were many, and each had something hard within reach--a pitcher, a shot glass, a chair. He did have a sword. But there was one issue. It was made of rubber and filled with air. First, he made a few more with extreme grace and quickness. Pop! Three swords. He aimed for the mouth. Three gagged, he made another sword--this time extra long. Ha, ha! he said. I'm going to get your nose! He tied a man's neck with the sword, and made him beg. He made him beg for mercy. The crowd toppled over each other for safety from the Bozo Clown. Survival of the fittest, bitch.
