He took a hard pull of his pipe, Wishingwater, and began. As I look inside the mind of a clone, I find it's a very strange place to be... He had won a station on the Death Star for getting a high score on this training mission. After blocking Solo in the Nightcap Simulatory Masturbatory Reference Line, (for to the storm trooper, this is a normal thing -auth), he won the award for Best Clone three dates in a row. Blocking Solo meant that he had blocked Han Solo in the training missions, called Nightcap. The trick to this mission was to cockblock Han Solo and Princess Leia and prevent the baby from being born. He used a reference line to make this happen. A reference line was a direct connection to the Dark Lord. In real combat now, Leia was boarding, and the infernal Luke Skywalker sent to rescue her. The clone had a very good shot at the rebels, and nearly fired. Miss! Darth Vader hissed. Miss! He ordered us to miss our shots to extend airing time.  Ol' Wishingwater and I have been through great perils, young Soloflop. Through the East Yon by a wide bearing to the East. Further East, in fact, than the bravest of Eastonians. We went so far East on the highway to the East Yon that maybe, we might have gone insane. The flowers become wildly huge, East of the Yondermost, in the East Yon, out by a further bearing than normal East. The Sprigot Rabbits take home in honeyhive warrens throughout the land--the greener part of the land, that is. These green patches of hill terrain are where I found to fill Wishingwater to the brim of it, but the Rabbit's Foot must be carefully dried, and so I saved some of it, that morning, to be pressed later. The Sprigot Rabbits are only matched in invisibleness by the Paper Florist Flower Patch Kids, which are tiny little elves that live sourly under their flowers. And growing just slightly above the Paper Florist Flower Patch Kids were my prize, the Finistration Molecules. These were flowers: a hypnagogic dreaming herb. I'm dreaming this place of the dreaming herb, the place within the dreaming herb and the place I was just describing. In fact he was asleep just then.  Odd. He thought he had seen a certain car, but surely it must not be. He hadn't seen a plethora of green shavings in this hue, this precise hue, accumulated in this quantity, before. The autobrake skid marks seemed to confirm it. He found a monkey wrench and pretended to inspect it, gazing at the skim pile of paint shavings under his brow. He was in his firefighting suit, having saved a family from a housefire. Fortunately, it hadn't spread to the garage. A shadow below the workbench spoke to him. It was shaped in the odd fashioning, by the light, into the precise rear bumper of the '97 Eighty-Nine autocab. The shadow spoke in promises. The mechanic Job approached his dream car. The '97 Eighty-Nine was a bot-controlled vehicular environment. This meant that it could drive itself. Some assembly required? Job smiled. He would need his Javascript for Dummies, instead.  Seven dust motes creeped down the hill. It was the commander in chief of an ancient nation and his accoutrement. The second dust pile wistfully gazed on, all of them (several hundreds) hoping their own commander would spare them a battle. The war was long, and the nations constantly resubscribed to cease-fires and limited peace treaties. The current cease-fire protected the other commander, and it was through this treaty he was allowed to approach the platoon of soldiers across the field. Mark Twain, legitimate son of Mark Twain (his father: Mark Twain) took the horse and tread down to the valley where the seven motes stood. A huge wind carried him down. This is war! Why have you approached this platoon? said Mark Twain, leader of the younger, more curious and beguiling nation. I've come to bring you a huge idea, Commander Twain, the commander in chief of the ancient army said. I come to bring you to peace among nations. The six men behind him saluted. There will never be peace, Mark Twain said. Then I shellest thou hill. An enormous smoke cloud trailed above them, and a single artillery shell expoded upon the side of the hill, where the hundreds of men stood, Shellest thou may! For I will slay thee! And the younger commander impaled the other. The other's name was Samuel Langhorne Clemens. He had travelled to the future and met Mark Twain (his future self). When he shelled the men, it was known by the dust motes he was destroying a part of his own legacy. The younger commander, killed by a time paradox, collapsed, and the writing career of one Mark Twain ended there. So Samuel Langhorne Clemens, stripped of his reputation and influence, smoked a pipe, and laughed, and wrote these words down under a different pen name. That name was Caesar Naples.  Falling hard for the woman of his dreams, Romance Nightingale barely noticed the coming of the ice. Like restless fevered love-making, the jets created a kind of pink, purple, blue and red heat beneath the craft. The ice melted. His love did not.  We'll need a dynamic plot, for example. Think: choose your own adventure. For the last time, Jake, please leave. The last creative person on the team, Jake, was forced out by a pair of suited men. I think he's gone. The money wasn't in creativity. Sex sold, among other things (drugs, violence) yet the team of writers working on the action sequel had delivered another artsy-fartsy proposal. Security? Has a Jake Blackwelder made it to the first floor? The head executive (Blanchard) folded his hands. Security will respond in a moment. And until then, said Mr. Turner, second-head of the company, just below CEO, I think we'll do a little of our own brainstorming. And so it began. Ideas were tossed from the dirtiest laundry baskets onto the storyboard: a mutant man would fight off hordes of suited business types. The story would arc over a racing plot so convoluted there wouldn't need to be a finish line. Violence and terror were suggested as major themes of the movie, and above all: a gratuitous use of electroshock weapons on the mutant himself. When the storyboard wrecked across the first cork board and onto the next, and as the corporate executives were drawing costume ideas for the big-breasted foreign spies (Can we get the same ladies as the prequel? --Mr Turner), security responded to the call. We have Jake. He's very upset he lost his job and is threatening to find a lawyer. Apparently, all his friends just got fired, too. He's taking off his shoes and throwing them at the receptionist. What do you want us to do? He wants to call his lawyer. Yikes! The executives ordered a camera crew to the first floor, and started to film the sequel inside corporate headquarters. The title? Mutant Planet 2: Mutant, Meet Lawyer Re-jacketed, the executives rolled the cork boards back into the closet. Mr. Turner issued the another order to security.Everybody out of the building. A highly dangerous mutant has escaped from medical. The CEO smiled. We think you'll like your lawyer, Jake. We think you'll like him very, very much.  But I knew when I saw him, that the man was out of his league. I knew he was a hack, and a liar. A scandal of enormous proportions was brewing. The man Adolf Hitler had bamboozled us all. The work he had made, and been nominated for, was simply... Simply... God damn, it's just horrible. It's the worst kind of thing that could happen. My own research has led me to believe that Hitler was... Gay. I do have an idea of what it means. I do! So when the nutcase gave is speech, ridiculing my great Fuhrur, and as the pape said, exposing a terrifying plan, I was exploding with rage. To say that! About Himmler, of all people, our Nazi leader; Himmler! He will be the first against the wall. The whistleblower Hitler will be cut down!  Grit and sand in his eyes, Jesus finally gave up. I will rule the world with you, unconditionally. Jesus was of course thinking that he could undermine Satan's rule somehow. It really seemed like he was about to die. He was just doing the math. He had been hallucinating for days, of mirages which created great waterfalls and fields of flowers on the horizon. And at the last second, when he became tempted, the sand spoke to him. It was the voice of Satan. Just kidding. Jesus was cursed to live in a mirage for the remainder of his life. He began to tell a colleague of his reasoning. But, even though he had made it out of the desert alive, the colleague was merely another reflection in the sand; poof: another schizophrenic delusion. Hell is such a bitch.  The feedback ringing from the man's megaphone deafened us all for a moment. Excuse me, sorry. We have created a new and improved language for use by the general population! he cried. Suddenly the speaker's walls broke free and the adviser to the board dropped the megaphone and began running backwards into the White House. A pugilist racked his hand against the man's head and began screaming obscenities into his face as he collapsed, unconscious. The crowd stepped on him. We don't want IN-DOC-TRI-NATION! We don't want IN-DOC-TRI-NATION! The White House doors closed like great pearly gates on a world that just wanted to be heard. People climbed on top of it and a giant man broke the Corinthian columns with his knees, and touched the clouds with his shoulders. His mutated voice couldn't be heard from space. He suffocated and the people climbed on him, with dead employees of the White House underneath. The giant's name was Babella. His name meant freedom of speech. The people had sloughed off the control of the Inner Party like a huge, bucking bull.  The goal? To found Airstrip One. We needed a single cover-guy. First, we found a surveillance suspect. We were going to create a milestone, and watch his behavior resulting the milestone, or life-altering event. We had a few ideas. One was to stage a car wreck or a family death, but we didn't want to risk anyone's life. Finally, we decided on his acceptance to college, because it was a big deal to him. When the next milestone was reached after graduation, we would report our data. We must upload the entire research file online after getting his permission. Considering how large his salary would be if he would oblige us, we decided it was a moot point whether or not he would accept. The information would still be there, anyway. Should he decline, we could still sell the meta-data to various government organizations. We had gone over the surveillance checkpoints and double-checked our signals. The file which outlined our system was emailed to the local government. Our blackmailing had officially started. With this level of control, Airstrip One would be approved as a city-state in a matter of weeks. Thank you, suspect number 1. You cannot fail us.  This face is the leader of free men. I am His Dark Companion. One could see how I had gotten so far in trading stocks by viewing my Facebook. I was terribly crafty in devising viral memes which could influence stock trade values just enough that I made a profit every time. Some criticized me for artificially inflating prices. It is all artificial. The world is simply a false one which I have mastered perfectly and without fail. But I did fail in one endeavor, and that was to change the mind of my greatest opponent. I was so close to taking over a larger fraction of one percent of the world economy, just then. So close. Yet I could not break the hearts of the agent posed against me. She had caught me online and sent a message--with a point. Heark! she said. Unto me ye shall fall again. I will share your latest update in my own circles, and ye shall be judged. she typed out quickly. Her handle? RiotGirl. Those handles were very nice, too--if only they were mine. I sent her the infographic when her big heroic ego began to poof out of its righteous existence. In five months, I had gotten one billion likes. It was a magnificent trick. I sent her finally my finance report, with blurred out personal details, and I think she nearly quivered her lip. She said, I shall never work for a master of lies. I am master of none, I tick-tacked into the message box. I am only His Dark Companion. Here's a suggestion to you, my most favored of heroes. You must befriend me on Facebook. The message box displayed her typing for a long, long time. It was my chance to be in her circle, and her in mine. We could unite as one, and forever block a sound economy from being achieved on Planet Earth. Yet, after I sent the friend request, I noticed my mistake. I had recently uploaded a picture of me and another heroine, now known as Ms. Beguiling, onto my wall. I shouted aloud, No! And let the -o trail forever. She had not accepted, and I tried to delete my drunken mistake. It was sometime between then and now that she blocked me, and as I rise my head over the monitor to view the Skype webcam enshrined atop it, I think: she shall never see this beautiful face o' mine.
