I had to submit my protest on the only piece of paper I saw in weeks: the complaint form at Bozo Ironics Masochist Dreamz. There's a steel train coming to block off these old homes--take us away to the factory prison, where the cops will keep us shut in for all our lives. We know that's what the tracks are for. We ain't seen a single train since they been built. Did you hear about the houses they made out by the factory in the hills? That's for the sentry guards, and we're gonna live in those containers outside those rings of houses. In the center, there's the overlord's castle. But the prison factory's got fences, too, and probably a moat. Probably some kind of alarm system, too, and cameras and shit. There ain't nothing we can do about it. We're gonna be face-to-face with the overlord's fatass guards. We're going to hell. My God, it's hell on Earth. Ever since the socialists took over, we've all been carted off to these prison factories, and we've seen some people who escaped and they say its terrible. The whole world just watches teevee, not knowing they're going to be taken. You never see anything about it on television. I've seen them new prison suits on teevee. That's what I'm talking about. Those suits are what they wear in the prison. They're just selling them to us, the people, out of cruelty. Nobody knows. I'm taking a break from the teevee to give this interview. I hope I helped. Have a nice day, sir.  The light blinked on, and off, and on, and off, and-- My God, who's doing that? asked Rinaulde. It's annoying and unnerving. Who is it? on, and off-- It isn't me, said Dameon. I suppose it's one of us though. The fan mysteriously kicked on, creating a breeze which caressed Janet's hair. For fuck's sake, who turned on the fan? It's freezing, Janet said. It could be some kind of poltergeist. What do you think, James? asked Rinaulde. The light flicked off. Poltergeists aren't real. Only our thoughts. The other three turned to face James, who was writing in a notebook. James, what is that? asked Janet. She sounded afraid. She had never seen the old notebook before. Just something I found in this basement, James said. No big deal. The door above the steps slammed shut, and Rinaulde was gagged. Dameon's shirt came off and mysteriously wrapped his legs together, tying him to the chair. Only Janet remained unharmed. James, what are you writing? asked Janet. I don't like your name, said the Archangel. His powers grew immense. You'll be Samsarah from now on. Samsarah panicked, then calmed down. She was very, very calm. She lay on the ground. Rinaulde and Dameon did nothing at all. We're getting married, Samsarah. Oh my Go- Janet was cut off by the deafening sound of flames. We're getting married in Hell.  I think it's enough that I rocked the world with my business leadership. I don't think the lawsuits really detracted from that. I never handled others with anything less than respect. I kissed ass, took names. Nothing seemed to go wrong after landing the executive position. Hell, I was the best man for the job. With my experience, the company had no choice. I told them to fire half the employees, buckle down, and reorganize. But last week, after just one calendar month on the job, I began doubting. Maybe it was wrong to get the job after all, I thought. Maybe raking in all that money wasn't right. I recommended the ones I laid off so they could continue to thrive in a business market. I restructured the protocol for handling requests from the public so we needed half the staff. And I guaranteed the company a spot in Forbes Fortune 500 list within the year. Something, I thought, was missing. I knew things about business that colleagues would never grasp, even years my superior. It was almost like cheating. Nobody noticed. When I challenged Microsoft's lead in autos (autonomous, driverless cars) I expected the immediate whiplash upon entering the market. I didn't expect the incredibly deep moral discussions to make it to my desk. Memo from Aliester Smith, Mr. Bean. He's requesting lunch. Something about the way you handled the layoffs. He says he really respects that, and the business ought to read from your book. You don't have a book, do you, Mr. Bean? My secretary was flattering. No, Ms. Ruth. I've got pages and pages of science fiction ideas, all ruling the world with their persuasiveness--but no book. Tell Aliester I'm too busy for unessential engagements. . . . Unessential engagements. Got it, Mr. Bean. Without ethics, my position was volatile. I was reviewed by three committees for the advancement of auto technology--they were afraid we'd ruin the economy, cause mass panic, or give up freedoms to hyper-intelligent robots. I knew what I was doing. It turns out, I didn't. Aliester called and asked to speak with me personally over the phone. He was an executive from Microsoft. You're going to fire half the world. We need that. The transportation industry is the largest job producer in the country. We need you to step down from robotics at the Kimberly offices. You're getting deep into something you don't-- I cut the message off. It was one of several warnings I'd gotten about killing thousands of jobs with the new autos I was developing. I didn't believe in working, so it didn't matter. The economy was going to bust anyway--I thought, at least we'd stay productive. But I didn't know I was already deep in the artificial intelligence game, waiting to be sucked below, and torn asunder.  Dear Janus, I'm the soldier. You must have no respect to request something like this of me. Just because this is an unconventional war doesn't mean you can mock us. The soldiers are chosen from the ranks to take on the aliens individually. Fighting in groups isn't reliable--psychic human powers are greater in individuals. The last battle was a trans-dimensional hell from which I can only hope to recover with a regimen of psychoactive drugs. I'm in the 99th percentile of recruits chosen to fight: I survived. I'll bear the marks of my fight for the rest of my life. There are over 250,000 recruits around the globe. You must know we are paid well. We're mercenaries. We train our minds with information given to us by the military, but nothing can really prepare us. When one is chosen for battle, we put the paper square on our tongue, and pray for the best. Each battle puts one human against an squad of alien beings. They're pack animals, able to mentally communicate far better than any of us. The battles aren't fights; it's like falling from the upper atmosphere with no protection from the friction. You get burned up. You just try for even a piece of you to make it to the ground. A piece of a man can be made whole. Most burn completely out. When my battle began, the paper square seemed to explode in size, and my head was launched into space. I was flung to, as near as I can tell, the edge of the galaxy and slingshotted back toward earth. I remember thinking I was approaching a constant light speed. Time started to speed up again. The alien squad appeared, in my dreams, and bumped strange bubbles against my head, to test my consciousness. I ignored them. I tried to sleep. I tried to block them out, but I was forced to accept them. The horrors of the acid trip were long and inconceivable. It was a mystical experience I have trouble recounting. When I came to, a part of the aliens was inside me. Why are we fighting? I don't know. But I have a feeling our future is paired with the alien beings forever.  War is a chopping and blending of the artifacts of your life. You think it's away from reality, all on its own, until your own son is against hell's maelstrom. Pieces of you, burned up. You watch the love of your life, exploding in the terror of the forces of hell, and reformed again, to be tortured in some other way. War is boring, also, when you realize the only way to fight back is through inaction and nonviolence. I wrote with charcoal. Request to see only son. -Arnoldo I seemed to manifest paper in hell. I could have used the communication to request another angel, but that worked so well last time, Satan would surely use it against me. The resistance effort started when I mailed a check I found on the ground for $2,666,004 to Satan with For Angel in the memo. Strangely enough, an angel came. It was the egotism of Satan that allowed him to send an angel, and he seriously underestimated its power. I was given a team of limbos. Limbos had communication with heaven, and could organize battles in hell. When I started seeing images of my son Jon being burned up and resurrected, I quested for him instead. My fighting stopped. It was put on hold. In hell, time is a game of shoots and ladders. I submitted the complaint form with my request into the mailbox at Bozo's. Would I ever be able to see him? Was he even in hell? I could wait an eternity to find out.  And that's the torture. You're a genius, Stacy said. She continued her meditative conjuring of Satan. People really think it's Hell, you know. You have a lot of power over them on Earth. Earth? Where's that? You don't know where Earth is? Why, it's the planet where I'm from! Earth doesn't ring a bell. I wouldn't bother myself with Earthly happenings if I knew where it was. I usually stick to Hell. We think you're the Devil, and you steal souls on Earth and take them to Hell. Her thoughts flowed our of her temples and into the conjured image of Satan. You don't have it quite right. In fact, I only invite people to Hell. I never force them to come. And I'm not the devil. I'm more of a galactic bartender. People come and go. Sometimes I even have to kick people out. I thought you can never leave Hell. Oh, you can. Stacy became extremely paranoid. Her human guide, cross-legged in front of her, looked really worried. Stacy's pupils are so wide, he thought. What's going on? Was the conjuring a success? Stacy began to come to, with Satan slowly disappearing from her vision. Speak of the Devil, her guide said. You're back. The Devil seems pretty nice, actually. He didn't even know of Earth... Stacy lived her average life, not worried about going to Hell.
